



Virtualized Conversations                                   D. G. Petrie
Internet-Draft                                                 SIPez LLC
Intended status: Standards Track                        T. McCarthy-Howe
Expires: 24 August 2025                                          Strolid
                                                        20 February 2025


         The JSON format for vCon - Conversation Data Container
                 draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container-latest

Abstract

   A vCon is the container for data and information relating to a real-
   time, human conversation.  It is analogous to a [vCard] which enables
   the definition, interchange and storage of an individual's various
   points of contact.  The data contained in a vCon may be derived from
   any multimedia session, traditional phone call, video conference, SMS
   or MMS message exchange, webchat or email thread.  The data in the
   container relating to the conversation may include Call Detail
   Records (CDR), call meta data, participant identity information (e.g.
   STIR PASSporT), the actual conversational data exchanged (e.g. audio,
   video, text), realtime or post conversational analysis and
   attachments of files exchanged during the conversation.  A
   standardized conversation container enables many applications,
   establishes a common method of storage and interchange, and supports
   identity, privacy and security efforts (see [vCon-white-paper])

About This Document

   This note is to be removed before publishing as an RFC.

   The latest revision of this draft can be found at https://ietf-wg-
   vcon.github.io/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-
   container.html.  Status information for this document may be found at
   https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container/.

   Discussion of this document takes place on the Virtualized
   Conversations Working Group mailing list (mailto:vcon@ietf.org),
   which is archived at https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/browse/vcon/.
   Subscribe at https://www.ietf.org/mailman/listinfo/vcon/.

   Source for this draft and an issue tracker can be found at
   https://github.com/ietf-wg-vcon/draft-ietf-vcon-vcon-container.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 24 August 2025.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2025 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
     1.1.  What's in a vCon?
     1.2.  Use Cases and Requirements
   2.  Conventions and Definitions
     2.1.  Terminology
     2.2.  JSON Notation
     2.3.  Inline Files
       2.3.1.  body
       2.3.2.  encoding
     2.4.  Externally Referenced Files
       2.4.1.  url
       2.4.2.  alg
       2.4.3.  signature
   3.  vCon JSON Object
   4.  Unsigned Form of vCon Object
     4.1.  vCon JSON Object Keys and Values
       4.1.1.  vcon
       4.1.2.  uuid
       4.1.3.  created_at
       4.1.4.  updated_at
       4.1.5.  subject
       4.1.6.  redacted
       4.1.7.  appended
       4.1.8.  group Objects Array
       4.1.9.  parties Objects Array
       4.1.10. dialog Objects Array
       4.1.11. analysis Objects Array
       4.1.12. attachments Objects Array
     4.2.  Party Object
       4.2.1.  tel
       4.2.2.  stir
       4.2.3.  mailto
       4.2.4.  name
       4.2.5.  validation
       4.2.6.  jCard
       4.2.7.  gmlpos
       4.2.8.  civicaddress
       4.2.9.  timezone
       4.2.10. uuid
       4.2.11. role
       4.2.12. contact_list
     4.3.  Dialog Object
       4.3.1.  type
       4.3.2.  start
       4.3.3.  duration
       4.3.4.  parties
       4.3.5.  originator
       4.3.6.  mediatype
       4.3.7.  filename
       4.3.8.  Dialog Content
       4.3.9.  disposition
       4.3.10. party_history Objects Array
       4.3.11. Dialog Transfer
       4.3.12. campaign
       4.3.13. interaction_type
       4.3.14. interaction_id
       4.3.15. skill
       4.3.16. application
     4.4.  Analysis Object
       4.4.1.  type
       4.4.2.  dialog
       4.4.3.  mediatype
       4.4.4.  filename
       4.4.5.  vendor
       4.4.6.  product
       4.4.7.  schema
       4.4.8.  Analysis Content
     4.5.  Attachment Object
       4.5.1.  type or purpose
       4.5.2.  start
       4.5.3.  party
       4.5.4.  mediatype
       4.5.5.  filename
       4.5.6.  Attachment Content
     4.6.  Group Object
   5.  Security Considerations
     5.1.  Signing Externally Referenced Files
     5.2.  Signed Form of vCon Object
       5.2.1.  Signature Object
       5.2.2.  Header Object
     5.3.  Encrypted Form of vCon Object
       5.3.1.  Unprotected Object
       5.3.2.  Recipient Object
       5.3.3.  Header Object
   6.  IANA Considerations
     6.1.  JSON Format vCon Mediatype
   7.  Non-Upward Compatible Changes to the vCon Container
     7.1.  Version 0.0.1 to 0.0.2
   8.  References
     8.1.  Normative References
     8.2.  Informative References
   Appendix A.  Contact Center Use Cases
   Appendix B.  Example vCons
     B.1.  Two Party Call vCon With Inline Recording
     B.2.  Text Chat vCon
     B.3.  Email Thread Multipart vCon
     B.4.  Email Thread Text vCon
     B.5.  Two Party Call vCon With Externally Referenced Recording
     B.6.  Two Party Call vCon with Analysis
     B.7.  Signed vCon
     B.8.  Encrypted vCon
     B.9.  Redacted vCon
     B.10. Appended Signed vCon
     B.11. vCon Group
   Acknowledgments
   Authors' Addresses

1.  Introduction

   The generation of conversational data, contained in transcripts and
   multi-media files, is common in business, especially in customer
   facing organizations.  However, the storage, analysis and sharing of
   the data they contain is not currently a standard.  Standardizing a
   container for conversation data (vCon) has numerous advantages, and
   enables the management of the conversation's content.  Very often the
   system providing the communications service, the consumer and/or
   owner of the communications data and the communications analysis
   services are distinct systems and in many case separate business
   entities.  The point of a vCon is to provide a standard means of
   exchanging communications data between these systems and services.
   The use of vCons can ease service integration by using a common
   container and format for enterprise communications.  A vCon becomes
   the standardized input to communication analysis tools and machine
   learning and categorization.  For a sales lead organization, a vCon
   can be the container of assets sold to sales teams.  For
   conversations of record, the vCon can be a legal instrument.  For
   machine learning efforts, vCons can track what information was used
   in the training of models, so that as the result of a customer
   requested deletion of their data, the affected models can be
   identified.

1.1.  What's in a vCon?

   A vCon contains four major categories of data: metadata , dialog ,
   analysis and attachments.  The metadata portion allows for an
   expanded set of data from a typical call detail record ([CDR]), with
   identifications of the participants or parties to the conversation,
   references to related or earlier versions of the vCon.  The dialog
   portion contains a set of multimedia and media type elements, each
   representing the actual, physical conversation in it's original media
   form: text, audio or video.  The analysis portion contains data
   derived from the metadata and dialog portions, intended to carry
   items like transcripts, translations, summaries, text to speech,
   sentiment analysis and other semantic tagging.  Finally, the
   attachment portion contains any other documents, such as slide deck
   or sales lead information, which provides context and support for the
   conversation itself.  The vCon may also container integrity checking
   information such as the issuer of the vCon and tamperproof features
   such as signatures.

   A vCon acts as the definition of the conversation, and are created by
   systems during and after the conversation itself.  Some communication
   modes, like SMS texting, lack natural session boundaries and require
   explicit definition. vCons may have two or more parties involved, but
   at least one should be a human.  For instance, an interaction between
   a bot and a human is an appropriate scope for vCons, but a
   conversation between two bots would not.

   Due to the size and complexity of some portions of a vCon, both
   inline and externally referenced dialog, analysis, attachments and
   other vCon reference assets are supported.  For instance, vCons may
   reference a videoconference media recording as an external URL with
   an accompanying signature of the contents to detect tampering.
   Alternatively, vCons may directly contain the media of the entire
   dialog internally, keeping the conversation in one place, and
   optionally encrypted.

   vCons are designed to be a digital asset, versioned and signed.  For
   instance, different versions of vCon may arise due to redaction (e.g.
   for PII or other reasons), added analysis or the addition of other
   content.  In the metadata, vCons contain the unique ID of the parent
   vCon, such that they may be traversed while maintaining their data
   integrity and provenance.

1.2.  Use Cases and Requirements

   The use cases for vCon in a contact center environment are explored
   in the appendix: cc-usecases (Appendix A).  These use cases and
   others have led to the metadata contents of this definition of the
   vCon container.

   TODO: would love to see use case Internet-Drafts for ECRIT and
   Messaging.

   May of the initial set of use cases for vCons are expected to be in
   the interchange between front end and back end application and lower
   layers of the network stack, critical for enablement of analysis of
   conversations.  It is expected that JavaScript handling of vCons in
   the front end and RESTful interfaces and back end platforms will be
   used for operations and manipulation of vCons.  Many media analysis
   services which will be used with vCons, such as transcription,
   already use JSON based interfaces.  For this reason, JSON has been
   chosen for the initial format binding of vCons and the scope of this
   document.  Other bindings (e.g. [CBOR] or [CDDL]) may be consider for
   vCon in the future in other documents.

   An outline of the vCon requirements derived from the explored use
   case follows:

   *  Standardize container for conversational data exchange

   *  Consolidation of data and information for a conversation

   *  Multiple modes of communication, changing over time

   *  Snapshots of conversation during or once completed along with
      analysis

   *  Ease of integration of services and analysis

   *  Better organize conversational data so that it can be handled in a
      consistent, privacy safer means

   *  Immutable

   *  Hiding of PII or entire conversation

   *  Amendable with additional information and data elements

   Define a standard for exchange of conversational data in a sea of
   modes, platforms and service offerings for conversations.

   Example conversational modes and protocols:

   *  SMS

   *  MMS

   *  JABBER

   *  SIMPLE

   *  Proprietary web chat

   *  SMTP

   *  PSTN

   *  SIP

   *  WEBRTC

   *  Proprietary video conferencing

   The following are considered not in scope or non-requirements:

   *  Real-time streaming or updating of conversational data

   *  Transport mechanisms

   *  Storage or databases specifications

   *  Methods of redaction of text, audio or video media

   *  Validation of redactions or appended data beyond the signature of
      the domain making the changes to the conversational data (e.g.
      Merkle tree like redactions)

   *  Standardization of analysis data formats or file media types

2.  Conventions and Definitions

   The key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT",
   "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and
   "OPTIONAL" in this document are to be interpreted as described in
   BCP 14 [RFC2119] [RFC8174] when, and only when, they appear in all
   capitals, as shown here.

2.1.  Terminology

   *  analysis - analysis, transformations, summary, sentiment, or
      translation typically of the dialog data

   *  conversation - an exchange of communication using text, audio or
      video medium between at least one human and one or more bots or
      humans

   *  de-identification - removal of all information that could identify
      a party in a conversation.  This includes PII as well as audio and
      video recordings.  Voice recordings might be re-vocalized with a
      different speaker.

   *  dialog - the captured conversation in its original form (e.g.
      text, audio or video)

   *  encrypted form - encrypted JWE document with the JWS signed vCon
      form contained in the ciphertext

   *  file - a data block either included or referenced in a vCon

   *  object - JSON object containing key and value pairs

   *  parameter - JSON key and value pair

   *  party - an observer or participant to the conversation, either
      passive or active

   *  payload - the contents or bytes that make up a file

   *  PII - Personal Identifiable Information

   *  PII masked - may include voice recordings, but PII is removed from
      transcripts and recordings (audio and video).

   *  vCon - container for conversational information

   *  vCon instance - a vCon populated with data for a specific
      conversation

   *  vCon instance version - a single version of an instance of a
      conversation, which may be modified to redact or append additional
      information forming a subsequent vCon instance version

   *  vCon syntax version - the version for the data syntax used for
      form a vCon

   *  signed form - JWS signed document with the unsigned vCon form
      contained in the payload

2.2.  JSON Notation

   For the ease of documentation, the convention for [JSON] notation
   used in this document is copied from sections 1.1-1.5 of [JMAP].

   Date - A string that MUST have the form of an [RFC3339] date string
   as defined for the Date type in section 1.4 of [JMAP].

   "String" - a JSON string type

   "UnsignedInt" - a positive JSON integer as defined in section 1.3 of
   [JMAP].

   "UnsignedFloat" - a positive JSON floating point number containing a
   decimal point as defined in section 6 of [JSON].

   "Mediatype" - A "String" value that MUST be of the following form as
   defined in section 5.1 of [MIME]: type "/" subtype

   "A[]" and array of values of type A.

   All parameters are assumed to be mandatory unless other wise noted.

   Objects or arrays with no or null values MAY be excluded from the
   vCon.

2.3.  Inline Files

   Objects that contain a file or data inline (i.e. within the vCon)
   MUST have the parameters: body and encoding.  JSON does not support
   binary data values.  For this reason inline files MUST be base64url
   (see Section 2 [JWS]) encoded to be included as a valid JSON string
   value if they are not already valid JSON strings.

2.3.1.  body

   The body parameter contains the payload of the file to be included
   inline.  Depending upon the data in the file, it may require encoding
   to be used as a valid JSON string value.

   *  body: "String"

2.3.2.  encoding

   The encoding parameter describes the type of encoding that was
   performed on the string value of the body parameter.

   *  encoding: "String"

      This MUST be one of the following strings:

      -  "base64url": The payload of the file has been base64url encoded
         and provided as the string value of the body parameter.

      -  "json": The value of the body string is a JSON object.

      -  "none": The payload of the file is a valid JSON string and can
         be included without modification as the string value to the
         body parameter.

2.4.  Externally Referenced Files

   Files and data stored externally from the vCon MUST be "signed" to
   ensure that they have not been modified.  Objects that refer to a
   file which is externally stored from the vCon MUST have the
   parameters: url, alg and signature.  These parameters are defined in
   the following subsections.  The use of [SHA-512] hash for ensuring
   that the externally referenced data or file has not been modified, is
   defined in this document.  Other methods of ensuring integrity may be
   added in the future.  The following subsections define how the
   specific algorithm used and how that signature information is
   included in a vCon so that the content can be verified.

2.4.1.  url

   The url value contains the [HTTPS] URL where the externally
   referenced file is stored.  HTTPS MUST be used for retrieval to
   protect the privacy of the contents of the file.

   *  url: "String"

2.4.2.  alg

   The alg parameter describes the method used for signing the file
   payload at the given url.  Only one method of signing of externally
   referenced files is defined in this document.  So only one value is
   defined for the alg parameter.

   *  alg: "String"

      This SHOULD be the following string:

      -  "SHA-512": The algorithm used for signing the externally
         referenced file is defined in section 6.3 and 6.4 of [SHA-512].

2.4.3.  signature

   The [SHA-512] hash on the externally referenced file is included in
   the signature string value.

   *  signature: "String"

      The string value of the signature parameter is the Base64Url
      Encoded value of the SHA-512 hash (as defined in section 6.3 and
      6.4 [SHA-512]) of the body of the content at the given url.

3.  vCon JSON Object

   The JSON form of a vCon is contained in a JSON object in one of three
   forms:

   *  unsigned

   *  signed

   *  encrypted

   The unsigned form of the vCon has a single top level object.  This
   top level vCon object is also contained as described in the signed
   (Section 5.2) and encrypted (Section 5.3) forms of the vCon.  The
   selection of the JSON format enables interchange between application
   and lower layers of the network stack, critical for enablement of
   analysis of conversations.

4.  Unsigned Form of vCon Object

   The unsigned form of the top level vCon object is necessary as in
   many cases, a vCon will be partially constructed and in process as
   conversation data is collected.  This may change while the
   conversation is in progress or on-going.  The vCon may start with
   only meta data and party information, then progress to contain dialog
   information.  It may then get analysis added or it could be passed to
   another security domain for analysis.

   A vCon may be constructed across several security domains.  When a
   vCon is to be exported from one security domain to another, it SHOULD
   be signed or encyrpted by the domain that constructed it.  The
   subsequent domain may have need to redact or append data to the vCon.
   Alternatively the originating domain may want to redact the vCon
   before providing it to an other domain.  The second or subsequent
   domain, MAY modify the prior vCon instance version and when complete
   or exporting to another security domain, it SHOULD sign or encrypt
   the new vCon instance version.  The new vCon instance version SHOULD
   refer to the prior vCon instance version via the redacted
   (Section 4.1.6) or appended (Section 4.1.7) parameters.

4.1.  vCon JSON Object Keys and Values

   The keys and values for the top level vCon JSON object are defined in
   the following subsections.

4.1.1.  vcon

   The the value of vcon parameter contains the syntactic version of the
   JSON format used in the vCon.

   *  vcon: "String"

      For syntax defined in this document, the string MUST have the
      value: "0.0.2"

4.1.2.  uuid

   The [UUID] for the vCon is used to refer to it when privacy or
   security may not allow for inclusion or URL reference to a vCon.  The
   UUID MUST be globally unique.

   *  uuid: "String"

      The value of the string SHOULD be generated using the version 8
      UUID defined in [UUID] which is generated identically to a version
      7 UUID with the exception that:

      -  rand_b/custom_c is generated from the high 62 bits of the SHA-1
         hash of the FQHN string

      -  the variant and version fields are set as described for version
         8 UUID

      The DNS name string used in generating the uuid value SHOULD be
      the same FQHN, or a subdomain to allow for more distributed
      generation of UUIDs, as would used in the signing certificate as
      they are the same domains of uniqueness.

4.1.3.  created_at

   The created_at parameter provides the creation time of this vcon,
   which MUST be present, and should not changed once the vcon object is
   created.

   *  created_at: "Date"

4.1.4.  updated_at

   The updated_at parameter provides the last modified time of this
   vcon, which MAY be present.  For unsigned forms, the updated_at of
   the vcon object SHOULD be updated as it is modified.  For signed
   forms of the vCon object, the updated_at contains the time when this
   vcon was last signed.  Future updates MUST first set the updated_at
   to the new signing time as the vcon object is signed again.

   *  updated_at: "Date"

4.1.5.  subject

   The subject or the topic of the conversation is provided in the
   subject parameter.  This parameter is optional as not all
   conversations have a defined subject.  Email threads and prescheduled
   calls and video conferences typically have a subject which can be
   captured here.  The subject may also be derived from analysis of the
   dialog.

   *  subject: "String" (optional)

      The string value of the subject parameter is a free formed JSON
      string with no constrained syntax.

4.1.6.  redacted

   A redacted vCon SHOULD provide a reference to the unredacted or
   prior, less redacted, vCon instance version of itself.  The purpose
   of the Redacted Object is to provide the reference to the unredacted
   or less redacted version of the vCon from which this vCon was
   derived.  For privacy reasons, it may be necessary to redact a vCon
   to construct another vCon without the PII.  This allows the non-PII
   portion of the vCon to still be analyzed or used in a broader scope.
   The Redacted Object SHOULD contain the uuid parameter and MAY include
   the vCon inline via the body and encoding parameters or alternatively
   the url, alg and signature parameters (see Inline Files (Section 2.3)
   and Externally Referenced Files (Section 2.4)).  If the unredacted
   vCon is included in the body, the unredacted vCon MUST be in the
   encrypted form.  If a reference to the unredacted vCon is provided in
   the url parameter, the access to that URL MUST be restricted to only
   those who should be allowed to see the identity or PII for the
   redacted vCon.

   The method(s) for redaction of text, audio and video can be done with
   existing post processing of media.  The method of redaction is out of
   scope of this document.  The assurance of the accuracy of the
   redaction is made by the entity that creates the redaction which
   SHOULD sign the redacted version of the vCon.

   All data and parameters in the prior, less redacted, vCon instance
   version are either:

   *  Removed entirely in the redacted version

   *  Copied and partially redacted

   *  Copied as is

   Data which is to be completely removed from the redacted version,
   that is contained in a JSON array in the unredacted vCon, SHOULD
   create an empty placeholder such that object array indices do not
   change for the rest of the elements of the array.

   *  redacted: "Redacted" (optional, mutually exclusive with appended
      and group parameters)

   A Redacted Object contains the following parameters:

   *  uuid: "String"

      The value contains the uuid string value (Section 4.1.2) of the
      unredacted/prior vCon instance version.  The absence of a value
      for uuid indicates that the less redacted version of this vCon is
      not available or does not exist.

   *  type: "String"

      The value of the redacted type parameter is used to indicate the
      type of redaction that was performed on this vCon relative to the
      less redacted version referenced by the redacted uuid parameter.
      This should indicate the type of information that was redacted.

   As defined in Inline Files (Section 2.3) body and encoding MAY be
   included:

   *  body: "String"

   *  encoding: "String"

   Alternatively, as defined in Externally Referenced Files
   (Section 2.4) url, alg and signature MAY be included:

   *  url: "String"

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

   The following diagram illustrates an example partial JSON object tree
   for a redacted vCon.  The top level object is a JWS signed vCon which
   contains a vCon in the unsigned form in the payload parameter.  The
   second level object is the redacted vcon which refers to the
   encrypted unredacted vCon in it's redacted parameter.  Note that the
   redacted vCon references the JWE encrypted vCon by UUID and may
   reference it by URL or direct inclusion.  The JWE encrypted
   unredacted vCon contains the signed version of the unredacted vCon in
   the ciphertext parameter.  The signed unredacted vCon contains the
   unredacted vCon in the unsigned form in it's payload parameter.

                   --------------
   Signed          | JWS        |
   redacted vCon:  |            | payload parameter
                   |    payload-|-- contains unsigned
                   -------------- / redacted vCon
                                 /
               -------------    /
   vCon which  |vCon       |<---
   has been    |           | redacted parameter contains
   redacted:   |  redacted-|-- or refers to JWE
               ------------- / encrypted unredacted vCon
                            /
                           /
                          /
                         /
                        /
                       / ---------------
                       ->| JWE         | cyphertext
   Encrypted signed      |             | parameter
   unredacted vCon:      |  cyphertext-|--- contains
                         ---------------  / JWS signed
                                         / unredacted
                     -------------      / vCon
   Signed            |JWS        |<-----
   unredacted vcon:  |           | payload contains
                     |   payload-|-- unsigned
                     -------------  \ unredacted vCon
                                     \   ----------
                                      -->| vCon   |
   Unsigned unredacted vCon:             |        |
                                         ----------

                    Figure 1: redacted vCon object tree

4.1.7.  appended

   A signed or encrypted vCon cannot be modified without invalidating
   it.  In these cases, to allow for adding of additional information a
   new vCon instance version MUST be created.  The prior vCon instance
   version is referenced by the Appended Object.  Then the appended
   information is added to the new vCon instance version (i.e. top level
   vCon object).

   The prior vCon instance version SHOULD be referenced via the uuid of
   the prior vCon instance version, and MAY include the body and
   encoding parameters or alternatively the url, alg and signature
   parameters (see Inline Files (Section 2.3) and Externally Referenced
   Files (Section 2.4)).

   *  appended: "Appended" (optional, mutually exclusive with redacted
      and group parameters)

   The Appended Object contains the following parameters:

   *  uuid: "String" (optional if inline or external reference provided)

      The value contains the uuid string value (Section 4.1.2) of the
      unredacted/original vCon instance version.

   Alternatively, as defined in Inline Files (Section 2.3) body and
   encoding MAY be included:

   *  body: "String"

   *  encoding: "String"

   Alternatively, as defined in Externally Referenced Files
   (Section 2.4) url, alg and signature MAY be included:

   *  url: "String"

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

   The following figure illustrates an example partial JSON object tree
   for an appended vCon.  The top level object is the JWS signed
   appended vCon which contains the unsigned form of the vCon in it's
   payload parameter.  The second level object is the appended vCon with
   additional conversational data (e.g. analysis data).  It refers to
   its original parent (or prior vCon instance version) of the vCon in
   its appended parameter.  Note: the appended parameter may include the
   original in the body parameter or refer to it via URL.  The appended
   vCon in this figure refers to the JWS signed version of the vCon,
   which in turn contains the original vCon in unsigned form in its
   payload parameter.

                   --------------
   Signed          | JWS        |
   appended vCon:  |            | payload parameter
                   |    payload-|-- contains unsigned
                   -------------- / appended vCon
                                 /
               -------------    /
   vCon with   |vCon       |<---
   appended    |           | appended parameter contains
   data:       |  appended-|--- or refers to JWS
               |  analysis |  / signed original vCon
               ------------- / along with additional
                            / converstational data
                           / (e.g. analysis)
                          /
                         /
                        /
                       / ------------
                       ->| JWS      | payload
   Encrypted signed      |          | parameter
   original vCon:        |  payload-|--- contains
                         ------------  / unsigned
                                      / original
                     -------------   / vCon
   Original vCon:    |vCon       |<--
                     |           |
                     |   parties |
                     |   dialog  |
                     -------------

                    Figure 2: appended vCon object tree

4.1.8.  group Objects Array

   The scope of a conversation is defined by the observer.  It may be
   any of the following in this non-exhaustive list:

   *  a quick text exchange

   *  a simple 2-way call

   *  an evolving group chat

   *  a class lecture and question and answer session

   *  a web chat, evolving to a 2 way call, progressing to a transferred
      3-way call transitioning to a video conference

   *  a series of weekly status calls

   In support of these constructs, it may be desirable to aggregate a
   group of vCons as opposed to including all of the dialog in a single
   vCon.  The conversations may be over heterogeneous or homogeneous
   medium.  A vCon MAY aggregated a group of vCon instances in the group
   array, using a Group Object for each vCon instance.

   *  group: "Group[]" (optional, mutually exclusive with redacted and
      appended parameters)

      The group array contains a Group Object (Section 4.6) for each
      vCon.

4.1.9.  parties Objects Array

   The name, identity or contact information of all of the parties
   involved with the conversation are included in the parties object
   array.  Whether the parties were observers, passive or active
   participants in the conversation, they each are included as a Party
   Object in the parties array.

   TODO: Should this be a object not an array to make it easier to
   append parties (i.e. indices of append vCons change when appended)?

   *  parties: "Party[]"

      The value of the parties parameter is an array of Party Objects
      (Section 4.2).

4.1.10.  dialog Objects Array

   The actual conversation which occurred over text, audio or video that
   was captured, is contained in the dialog Objects Array.

   *  dialog: "Dialog[]" (optional)

      The value of the dialog parameter is an array of Dialog Objects
      (Section 4.3).

4.1.11.  analysis Objects Array

   Analysis, which is performed on the conversational data, is stored in
   the analysis Objects array.

   *  analysis: "Analysis[]" (optional)

      The value of the analysis parameter is an array of Analysis
      Objects (Section 4.4).

4.1.12.  attachments Objects Array

   Ancillary documents, discussed, presented, referenced or related to
   the conversation may be stored in the attachments array.

   *  attachments: "Attachment[]" (optional)

      The value of the attachments parameter is an array of Attachment
      Objects (Section 4.5).

4.2.  Party Object

4.2.1.  tel

   If the tel URL for the party is known, it can be included in the tel
   parameter.

   *  tel: "String" (optional)

      The value of the tel parameter SHOULD be a valid [TEL] URL.  The
      URL scheme prefix (i.e. "tel:") is optional.

4.2.2.  stir

   If the STIR [PASSporT] was provided to identify the party, the
   PASSporT can be included in the stir parameter for the party.

   *  stir: "String" (optional)

      The string value of the stir parameter contains the [PASSporT] in
      the JWS Compact Serialization form.

4.2.3.  mailto

   If the mailto URL is known for the party, it can be included in the
   mailto parameter.

   *  mailto: "String" (optional)

      The value of the mailto parameter is a string of the format of a
      valid [MAILTO] URL.  The URL scheme prefix (i.e. "mailto:") is
      optional.

4.2.4.  name

   If the party's name is known, it can be included in the name
   parameter.

   *  name: "String" (optional)

      The string value of the name parameter is a free form JSON string
      in which part or all of the party's name can be included.

4.2.5.  validation

   Proof of authorization of the communication channel through STIR,
   login or possession of a device, is often not sufficient proof of the
   identity of the person at the other end of the communications
   channel.  It is common in call centers to validate the identity of
   the person on the communication channel through verification of some
   sort of personal identification information.  The methods used, often
   varies with the situation and is business practices specific.  The
   purpose of the validation parameter, is to allow the validator to
   save a label or token which identifies the method of identity
   validation used to identify the person at the other end of the
   communication channel.  For confidentially reasons, it SHOULD NOT
   contain the data used to validate the name.  However it MAY name the
   data used to validate the name (e.g. "SSN", "DOB", "user ID and
   password").  It is up to the domain creating the vCon to define the
   set of tokens or values to be used for the validation parameter.

   *  validation: "String" (SHOULD be provided if name parameter is
      provided)

      The value of the validation string MAY be "none" or enterprise or
      domain defined token or string values.

4.2.6.  jCard

   TODO: Do we want to support including a jCard for the party?

4.2.7.  gmlpos

   If the geolocation of the party is known, it can be added in the
   gmlpos parameter.  The gmlpos parameter contains the latitude and
   longitude of the location of the party at the time of the
   conversation start.

   *  gmlpos: "String" (optional)

      The gmlpos parameter value contains a string of the same format as
      the gml:pos element defined in section 3.2 of the [PIDF-LO] PIDF.

4.2.8.  civicaddress

   The the civicaddress parameter value contains a Civicaddress Object
   which is optional and contains civic address information about the
   location for the party.

   *  civicaddress: "Civicaddress" (optional)

   The Civicaddress Object MAY contain any or all of the following
   parameters: country, a1, a2, a3, a4, a5, a6, prd, pod, sts, hno, hns,
   lmk, loc, flr, nam, pc as defined in section 2.2.1 of [GEOPRIV].  The
   values of all of these parameters are of type String.  Note that the
   parameter names MUST be in lower case when contained in the
   Civicaddress Object even though they are in upper case in [GEOPRIV].

   *  country: "String" (optional)

   *  a1: "String" (optional)

   *  a2: "String" (optional)

   *  a3: "String" (optional)

   *  a4: "String" (optional)

   *  a5: "String" (optional)

   *  a6: "String" (optional)

   *  prd: "String" (optional)

   *  pod: "String" (optional)

   *  sts: "String" (optional)

   *  hno: "String" (optional)

   *  hns: "String" (optional)

   *  lmk: "String" (optional)

   *  loc: "String" (optional)

   *  flr: "String" (optional)

   *  nam: "String" (optional)

   *  pc: "String" (optional)

   TODO: Do we need RFC6848 civic address extensions?

   TODO: Is there a need for any temporal location?  For example should
   location be an array, each element with a time stamp?

   TODO: Do we just specify for the start of the conversation?

4.2.9.  timezone

   TODO: timezone for the location of the party?

4.2.10.  uuid

   The uuid is a unique identifier for the participant.  In a contact
   center, this is particularly important for the call agent
   participant, and must be static across interactions to allow
   correlation with the actual agent configuration provisioned into the
   systems.

   *  uuid: "String" (optional)

4.2.11.  role

   The role that the participant played in the conversation.  In a call
   center there are roles: such as: agents, customer, supervisor and
   specialist.  In conferences there are roles: host, cohost, speaker,
   panelist, participant and other roles.  The role parameter provides
   the ability to label the role that the part played in the
   conversation.

   *  role: "String" (optional)

   The following values for the role parameter MAY be used:

   *  "agent"

   *  "customer"

   *  "supervisor"

   *  "sme" (for subject mater expert)

   *  "thirdparty"

   Other values for the role parameter MAY also be used.

4.2.12.  contact_list

   In a contact center scenario, the conversation with this party may be
   part of a larger effort of contacting a group of parties,
   individually or perhaps in groups.  It is sometimes useful to
   reference the list from which this party was included.  The
   contact_list may be used as a label for foreign key reference to the
   contact list that this party was on.

   *  contact_list "String" (optional)

4.3.  Dialog Object

   The Dialog object references or contains text, audio or video
   captured from the conversation.  Currently two types of dialog
   objects are defined in this document.  One for text media and the
   other for audio or video recording files.

   TODO: Is there other signalling data that we want to capture other
   than start and duration and the media (e.g. from jabber, sms, mms,
   email, SIP, etc.)?

4.3.1.  type

   *  type: "String"

      The sting MUST have the value of either "recording", "text",
      "transfer" or "incomplete".  A dialog of type "recording" has
      Dialog Content that either contains a body or refers to via url,
      which is a recording of the video and/or audio of a segment of the
      conversation.  A dialog of type "text" had has Dialog Content that
      either contains a body or refers to via url, which contains the
      text from one of the parties for a segment of the conversation.  A
      dialog of type "transfer" does not capture actual conversation
      exchange, but rather captures operations, parties and relations
      between dialog segments.  A dialog of type "incomplete" or
      "transfer" MUST NOT have Dialog Content.  In the "incomplete" case
      the call or conversation failed to be setup to the point of
      exchanging any conversation.  Incomplete dialogs MUST have a
      disposition parameter which indicates why the call or
      conversations failed.  In the "transfer" case, the conversation is
      recorded in other dialogs.  The Dialog Transfer parameters, are
      used to show the roles and relationships between the parties and
      other dialogs as the transfer process occurred.

4.3.2.  start

   The start parameter contains the date and time for the beginning of
   the captured piece of dialog.  For text it is the time that the party
   started typing or if not available, then it is the time the text was
   sent.  For audio and video recordings, it is the time which
   corresponds to the beginning of the recording.

   *  start: "Date"

4.3.3.  duration

   The duration parameter contains the duration in seconds of the
   referenced or included piece of dialog.  For text, if known, it is
   the time duration from when the party started typing to when they
   completed typing and the text was sent.  For recordings, it is the
   duration of the recording.

   *  duration: "UnsignedInt" | "UnsignedFloat" (optional)

      The value MUST be the dialog duration in seconds.

4.3.4.  parties

   The party(s) which generated the text or recording for this piece of
   dialog are indicated in the parties parameter.

   *  parties: "UnsignedInt" | "UnsignedInt[]" | ("UnsignedInt" |
      "UnsignedInt[]")[]

      Single channel recordings should have a parties value of the form:
      "UnisignedInt" or "UnsignedInt[]" where the integer value or array
      of integer values are the indices to the Party Object(s) in the
      parties array that contributed to the mix for the single channel
      recording.  The index for the Party Object SHOULD be included even
      if the indicated party was silent the entire piece of dialog.

      Multi-channel recordings MUST have a parties value that is an
      array of the same size as the number of channels in the recording.
      The values in that array are either an integer or an array of
      integers which are the indices to the parties that contributed to
      the mix for the associated channel of the recording.  The index
      for Party Objects SHOULD be included even if the party was silent
      the entire conversation.

      It is implied that the first party in the dialog Object parties
      list, is the originator of the dialog.  However, in some
      situations, it is difficult to impose the constraint that the
      first channel of a recording is the originator.  If ensuring that
      the first channel and party listed is the originator is not
      possible, the optional originator parameter indicates the
      originator party.  In other cases, there may be a separate
      recording file for each party in a conversation, where only one
      party is recorded per file.  In this situation, it is necessary to
      indicate the originator as the dialog Object parties parameter
      will contain only one party and may not be the originator.

   TODO: For an email thread, To and Cc parties are all passive.  Do we
   just put the sender as the party or do we want to list all of the
   recipients and by convention the sender is the first party?  Note
   that each dialog/email could have a difference set of recipients.

4.3.5.  originator

   The originator party for this dialog.  For email and text, this is
   the sender of the text.  For audio and video, this is the caller or
   host of the call or conference.  The originator parameter is only
   provided if the first party of the dialog Object parties list is NOT
   the originator.

   *  originator: "UnsignedInt" (optional)

      The originator value is the index into the parties Objects Array,
      to the party that originated the dialog.

4.3.6.  mediatype

   The media type for the piece of dialog included or referenced is
   provided in the mediatype parameter.  The mediatype parameter MUST be
   provided for inline dialog files and MUST be provided if the Content-
   Type header in the [HTTPS] response for the externally referenced URL
   is not provided.

   *  mediatype: "Mediatype" (optional for externally referenced files)

      The media types SHOULD be one of the following strings:

      -  "text/plain"

      -  "audio/x-wav"

      -  "audio/x-mp3"

      -  "audio/x-mp4"

      -  "audio/ogg"

      -  "video/x-mp4"

      -  "video/ogg"

      -  "multipart/mixed"

      Note: multi-part will also likely include the boundary parameter

4.3.7.  filename

   It is sometimes useful to preserve the name of the file which
   originally contained this piece of dialog.  This can be done in the
   filename parameter.

   *  filename: "String" (optional)

4.3.8.  Dialog Content

   The Dialog Object SHOULD contain the body and encoding parameters or
   the url, alg and signature parameters for all dialog types other than
   "incomplete" and "transfer", these parameters MUST NOT be present for
   "incomplete" or "transfer" dialog types (see Inline Files
   (Section 2.3) and Externally Referenced Files (Section 2.4)).

   For inline included dialog:

   *  body: "String" (optional in an a redacted vCon)

   *  encoding: "String"

   Alternatively, for externally referenced dialog:

   *  url: "String" (optional in an a redacted vCon)

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

4.3.9.  disposition

   If the dialog type is "incomplete", it must have a disposition
   parameter.  The value of the disposition parameter provides the
   reason that the "call control" failed.  The term: "call control" is
   used in a loose sense, as there in not always a call involved, to
   differentiate from a call disposition that an agent may assign to a
   call to indicate the reason, issue addressed or outcome of a
   conversation.  This latter definition of call disposition is not
   dialog, but analysis of the conversation and is not included in the
   dialog portion.

   *  disposition: "String" (required for incomplete type dialogs,
      SHOULD NOT be present for other dialog types)

      The value of the disposition parameter MUST be one of the
      following string:

      -  "no-answer" - a call or connection was attempted, but no one
         answered or accepted the connection

      -  "congestion" - a call or connection was attempted, but was
         unable to be completed due to system load

      -  "failed" - a call or connection was attempted, but failed

      -  "busy" - a call or connection was attempted, but the party was
         busy with another conversation

      -  "hung-up" - a call or connection was made, but the party hung-
         up before any conversation occurred

      -  "voicemail-no-message" - a call or connection was made, the
         voicemail system answered, but no message was left

      Note: if a message was left with the voicemail system this is no
      longer an "incomplete" type dialog, it is a "recording" type and
      the conversation SHOULD be included in the Dialog Content.

4.3.10.  party_history Objects Array

   Participants in a dialog may not all join and leave at the same time.
   To support the capturing of the information when parties join, drop,
   go on hold or mute and unmute, the party_history array may be added
   to the Dialog Object.

   *  party_history: "Party_History[]" (optional)

4.3.10.1.  Party_History Object

   The Party_History Object contains the following parameters:

   *  party: "UnsignedInt"

      The index of the party for this event.

   *  event: "String"

      The string token for the event which MUST be one of the following:

      -  "join" - when the party joins the dialog

      -  "drop" - when the party drops out of the dialog

      -  "hold" - when the party is put on hold

      -  "unhold" - when the part is taken off hold

      -  "mute" - when the party is muted

      -  "unmute" - when the part is taken off mute

   *  time: "Date"

4.3.11.  Dialog Transfer

   A dialog of type "transfer" documents the rolls of three parties and
   the relationship between 2 or three dialog segments.  In a transfer
   operation, the roles of the three parties to a transfer are defined
   in [SIP-XFER] as:

   * Transferee
   * Transferor
   * Transfer Target

   There are two or three calls in which the parties are connected:

   * original call
   * consultative call (optional as this call may not get created)
   * target call

   To capture the above roles and dialog segments, the following
   parameters are defined and SHOULD be present in the "transfer" type
   dialog and MUST NOT be present in other dialog types.

* transferee: "UnsignedInt"

The value of the transferee parameter is the index into the parties Object array to the party that played the role of the Transferee.

* transferor: "UnsignedInt"

The value of the transferor parameter is the index into the parties Object array to the party that played the role of the Transferor.

* transfer-target: "UnsignedInt"

The value of the transfer-target parameter is the index into the parties Object array to the party that played the role of the Transfer Target.

* original: "UnsignedInt"

The value of the original parameter is the index into the dialogs Object array to the "recording" or "text" type dialog for the original dialog between the Transferee and the Transferor.

* consultation: "UnsignedInt" (optional)

The value of the consultation parameter is the index into the dialogs Object array to the "recording", "text" or "incomplete" type dialog for the consultative dialog between the Transferor and the Transfer Target.

* target-dialog: "UnsignedInt"

The value of the target-dialog parameter is the index into the dialogs Object array to the "recording", "text" or "incomplete" type dialog for the target dialog between the Transferee and the Transfer Target.

A "transfer" type dialog MUST NOT contain the parties, originator, mediatype, filename or Dialog Content parameters.

   The "transfer" type dialog only captures the roles, operations and
   events of the parties and the dialog setup.  It does not capture the
   purpose or reason for the transfer as that is analysis to be captures
   in the analysis section of the Vcon after the conversation has
   occurred.

4.3.12.  campaign

   In a contact center scenario, a dialog may be initiated as part of a
   campaign or set of dialogs initiated with a common goal or focus or
   to be handled or treated in a specific way.  The campaign parameter
   is string that may be used as a label or foreign key in reference to
   an external specification for how the communication is to be
   initiated, handled or treated.  In some case it may be appropriate to
   attached the campaign data as an Attachment Object.

   *  campaign: "String" (optional)

4.3.13.  interaction_type

   *  interaction_type "String" (optional)

   TODO: add enumerated values from JDR

4.3.14.  interaction_id

   In a contact center scenario, interactions with a party are often
   labeled with an identifier.  In some case the interaction is
   contained in a single dialog.  In others there may be multiple
   dialogs (e.g. messages or calls) that are all part of a single
   interaction.  There may also be many interactions for a single
   conversation or vCon.  The interaction parameter is used as a label
   or foreign key in reference to the interaction ID.

   *  interaction_id "String" (optional)

4.3.15.  skill

   A contact center may service multiple purposes or customers.  In this
   scenario it is important to label the conversation segment or dialog.
   The agent or automata which services the dialog are required to have
   a specific skill.  To facilitate this in a vCon dialog, the skill
   parameter is provided.  The string values of the skill parameter are
   contact center specific.

   *  skill "String" (optional)

4.3.16.  application

   The application parameter is used to capture the application,
   communication channel or context over which the conversation was
   held.  The conversation mode can be identified by looking at the
   dialog type.  However that does not different between different
   communication platform service providers or hosting service.  For
   example, the application parameter can be used to identify the web
   conference hosting service.

   *  application "String" (optional)

4.4.  Analysis Object

   Analysis is a broad and in some cases developing field.  This
   document does not attempt to suggest a SHOULD support list of types.
   Nor are formats for analysis data defined in this document.  That is
   for research and specification outside the scope of this document.
   For this reason the Analysis Object provides multiple ways to define
   the media type of the analysis file.  If a well known media type is
   defined, it SHOULD be used.  For analysis data or files types for
   which a media type is not defined, the vendor and schema parameters
   SHOULD be used.

4.4.1.  type

   The type parameter is used to label the semantic type of analysis
   data.

   *  type: "String"

      The string value SHOULD be one of the following:

      -  "summary"

      -  "transcript"

      -  "translation"

      -  "sentiment"

      -  "tts"

4.4.2.  dialog

   Analysis typically pertains to one or more of the Dialog Objects in
   the dialog array.  The dialog parameter is used to indicate which
   Dialog Objects this analysis was based upon.

   *  dialog: "UnsignedInt" | "UnsignedInt[]" (optional only if the
      analysis was not derived from any of the dialog)

      The value of the dialog parameter is the index to the dialog or
      array of indices to dialogs in the dialog array to which this
      analysis object corresponds.

4.4.3.  mediatype

   The media type for the included or referenced analysis file is
   provided in the mediatype parameter.

   *  mediatype: "Mediatype" (optional for externally referenced files,
      if it this is provided in the [HTTPS] Content-Type header)

      The mediatype string contains the media type or [MIME] type of the
      analysis file.

4.4.4.  filename

   It is sometimes useful to preserve the name of the file which
   originally contained this analysis data.  This can be done in the
   filename parameter.

   *  filename: "String" (optional)

      The file name string contains an optional name for the analysis
      data file referenced in this Analysis Object.

4.4.5.  vendor

   There may not be a IANA registered media type for the file format
   containing the analysis data.  Even if a media type is defined, it is
   often useful to keep a record of the vendor that produced the
   software that produced the analysis.  Different implementations
   perform differently and knowing the implementation can be useful in
   interpreting the analysis.  For this reason, the vendor or product
   name is provided in the vendor parameter.

   *  vendor: "String"

      The vendor string value contains the vendor or product name of the
      software which generated this analysis.

4.4.6.  product

   As the vendor may have more than one product, the product parameter
   may be used to differentiate it from other products which may have
   different schemas of analysis data.

   *  product: "string" (optional)

4.4.7.  schema

   The same vendor or software product may produce different formats or
   data for the same analysis.  The schema parameter allows the data
   format, schema or configuration used to generate the analysis to be
   saved with the included or referenced analysis data.

   *  schema: "String" (optional)

      The schema string contains a token or label for the data format or
      schema for the analysis data.  As the vendor name may not be
      specific enough to identify the format of the analysis, the schema
      value is provide to differentiate from potentially multiple data
      formats for analysis provided by the same vendor or software.

4.4.8.  Analysis Content

   The Analysis Object SHOULD contain the body and encoding parameters
   or the url, alg and signature parameters (see Inline Files
   (Section 2.3) and Externally Referenced Files (Section 2.4)).

   For inline included analysis:

   *  body: "String"

   *  encoding: "String"

   Alternatively, for externally referenced analysis:

   *  url: "String"

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

4.5.  Attachment Object

   Ancillary documents to the conversation are included or referenced in
   the Attachment Object.  There is no constraint on the types files
   which can be included or referenced.  As most modes of communication,
   that allow the exchange of files, do not constrain the file type, any
   file type may be included here.

4.5.1.  type or purpose

   TODO: Do we want a semantic type like: contract or presentation?  Or
   a subject or title.

4.5.2.  start

   The start parameter contains the date and time that the Attachment
   Object was sent/exchanged.

   *  start: "Date"

4.5.3.  party

   In most conversations, ancillary documents originate from one of the
   parties to the conversation.  This is not necessarily the author, but
   the person who distributed the document.  This party is identified by
   the party parameter in the Attachment Object.

   *  party: "UnsignedInt"

      The value of the party parameter is the index into the Parties
      Object array to the party that contributed the attachment.

4.5.4.  mediatype

   The media type for the included or referenced attachment file is
   provided in the mediatype parameter.

   *  mediatype: "Mediatype" (optional for externally referenced files,
      if it this is provided in the [HTTPS] Content-Type header)

      The mediatype string contains the media type or [MIME] type of the
      attached file.

4.5.5.  filename

   It is sometimes useful to preserve the name of the file which
   originally contained this attachment file.  This can be done in the
   filename parameter.

   *  filename: "String" (optional)

      The file name string contains an optional name for the attachment
      file referenced in this Attachment Object.

4.5.6.  Attachment Content

   The Attachment Object SHOULD contain the body and encoding parameters
   or the url, alg and signature parameters (see Inline Files
   (Section 2.3) and Externally Referenced Files (Section 2.4)).

   For inline included attachments:

   *  body: "String"

   *  encoding: "String"

   Alternatively, for externally referenced attachments:

   *  url: "String"

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

4.6.  Group Object

   A conversation may have take place using different modes (e.g. web
   chat which evolves to email, which evolves to phone call, which
   evolves to video conference).  A conversation could take place over
   several calls (e.g. multiple calls regarding a support incident or
   problem).  Each of these examples might be considered a single
   conversation event though there are multiple sets of dialog in each.
   What is considered the boundary of a conversation is a business
   decision.  There are situations in the above example, where it is
   desired to treat these as a single conversation, but each set of
   dialog is created in a single vCon (e.g. each dialog occurred in a
   separate communication silo or security domain) which gets signed.
   For this reason, it may be necessary to aggregate the separate vCon
   into a single vCon which is considered the whole of a conversation.
   The Group Object includes or refers to a vCon to be aggregated into
   the whole of a single vCon conversation.

   The Group Object SHOULD contain the uuid and either the body and
   encoding parameters or the url, alg and signature parameters (see
   Inline Files (Section 2.3) and Externally Referenced Files
   (Section 2.4)).  The vCon MAY be referenced via UUID:

   *  uuid: "String"

      The value of the uuid parameter, is the uuid string value
      (Section 4.1.2) of the referenced vCon to be aggregated.

   The vCon MAY be included in line as the value of the body parameter.
   The encoding parameter MUST be included with the body parameter, if
   provided, to describe the encoding of the vCon body.

   *  body: "vCon"

      The JSON unsigned form of the vCon, the JWS signed form of the
      vCon or the JWE encrypted form of the vCon.

   *  encoding: "String"

      The encoding string MUST have the value: "json".

   Alternatively, the vCon can be externally referenced.  The url, alg
   and signature parameters and values are defined in Externally
   Referenced Files (Section 2.4).

   *  url: "String"

   *  alg: "String"

   *  signature: "String"

5.  Security Considerations

   The security concerns for vCons can put into two categories: making
   the conversation immutable through integrity verification and
   protecting the confidentiality of privacy of the parties to the
   conversation and/or their PII.  These requirements along with need to
   evolve a vCon (e.g. adding analysis, translations and transcriptions)
   conflict in some ways.  To enable this, multiple versions of a vCon
   may be created.  Versions of a vCon may add information (e.g.
   analysis added to a prior vCon referenced by the appended
   (Section 4.1.7)) and versions that remove information (e.g.
   redactions of privacy information removed from the vCon referenced in
   the redacted (Section 4.1.6)).  Redactions may be at different levels
   for example:

   *  PII masked to remove PII data in the text, audio, video or
      transcripts

   *  De-identified to remove segments or whole recordings that might be
      used for voice printing or facial recognition

   Different parts and versions of a vCon may be created in different
   security domains over a period of time.  In addition, some
   conversation data may be referenced externally through an HTTPS URL
   as opposed to completely contained within the vCon.  Typically a
   conversation of one mode, will be hosted or observed in a single
   domain.  This will likely fall into one of the following hosting
   situations:

   *  Enterprise Hosted Communications

   *  Software as a Service (SaaS) Hosted Communications

   *  Service Provider Hosted Communications

   The distinction among these has gotten clouded over recent years.
   The import consideration is that each is a different security domain.
   Information about a conversation captured in an enterprise
   communications system (e.g. meta data and Dialog Object(s) recorded
   in an IP PBX) is a different security domain from a SaaS
   transcription service (i.e. an Analysis Object).  Before a vCon
   leaves a security domain, it SHOULD be signed to prevent it from
   being altered.  If the new security domain needs to alter it, a new
   vCon is created with the removed or added data and the prior version
   is referenced (i.e. via the redacted (Section 4.1.6) or appended
   (Section 4.1.7)).  See the redacted vCon object tree figure-1 and
   appended vCon object tree figure-2.  If information is redacted for
   privacy reasons, the vCon referenced in the redacted (Section 4.1.6),
   if inline, SHOULD be encrypted to protect the privacy information in
   the unredacted version of the vCon.

   The secure storage and access of externally referenced conversation
   data is considered out of scope from this document.  Secure
   mechanisms for HTTPS access and storage of files are well defined.
   Identity and credentials for accessing externally stored data will be
   exchanged out of band from the vCon.  The one requirement for
   externally referenced data from the perspective of this document, is
   proof of integrity of that data.

   Using the above described approach for redaction and appending of
   data, we can reduce the security operations on a vCon to signing and
   encryption.  Two approaches to signing are needed as we have data, in
   JSON format, that is contained within the vCon and may have data
   (typically media and file formats, often binary) not contained,
   inline in the vCon, that is externally referenced.

   Externally referenced data will be "signed" using [SHA-512] hash
   which along with the URL of the externally referenced data is
   included in the vCon.  [SHA-512] was chosen due to the relatively low
   cost to generate and verify the signature for what could be very
   large externally referenced media files.  As the hash for each
   externally referenced file is contained in the vCon which will be
   signed, the chain of authentication is provided via the signature on
   the vCon itself.

   This document specifies the JSON format for vCons.  So it seemed the
   logical solution for signing vCons, is JOSE [JWS] JSON Serialization
   and likewise for encrypting vCons is JOSE [JWE] JSON Serialization.
   The solutions are well documents, implementations are readily
   available and tested.

   Methods of redaction exist for text, audio and video using post
   processing of the media.  The method of redaction used is out of the
   scope of this document.  A redacted vCon SHOULD reference it's non-
   redacted version.  The non-redacted version of the vCon referenced
   from the redacted vCon MUST be encrypted such that only those with
   permission to view the non-redacted content can decrypt it.

   Any time a vCon is shared outside its original security domain, it
   SHOULD be signed and optionally encrypted.  Files externally
   referenced by a vCon SHOULD always be signed with the verification
   information included in the vCon that references the external file as
   defined in Externally Referenced Files (Section 2.4) and Signing
   Externally Referenced Files (Section 5.1).  Externally referenced
   files SHOULD only be transported over [HTTPS] and SHOULD be access
   controlled to those who are permitted to read the contents of that
   non-redacted vCon. vCons transported over non-secure channels such as
   email MUST be in the encrypted form.

5.1.  Signing Externally Referenced Files

   In some deployments, it is not practical to include all of the file
   contents of a vCon inline.  In support of that, a file may be
   externally referenced.  When external files are referenced, the
   signature on the vCon does not secure the file contents from
   modification.  For this reason any externally referenced files SHOULD
   also have a signature. vCons use the [SHA-512] hash method for
   integrity checking of externally referenced file content and include
   its url, alg and signature in the vCon which are included in the
   integrity signature for the whole vCon.

   After retrieving externally referenced files, before using its
   content, the payload of the HTTPS request should be verified using
   the signature parameter value for the hash for the url body using the
   procedure defined in section 6.3 and 6.4 of [SHA-512].

5.2.  Signed Form of vCon Object

   A signed vCon uses [JWS] and takes the General JWS JSON Serialization
   Syntax form as defined in section 7.2.1 of [JWS].  The vCon General
   JWS JSON Serialization MUST include x5c or x5u in the unprotected
   header.

   *  payload: "String"

      The value of the payload is the Base64Url Encoded string
      containing the unsigned form of the JSON vCon.  The general
      construction of the payload string value is described in section
      7.2.1 of [JWK]

   *  signatures "Signature[]"

      The value of signatures is an array of Signature Objects
      (Section 5.2.1)

5.2.1.  Signature Object

   The Signature Object MUST contain a header, protected and signature
   parameter as defined in section 7.2.1 of [JWS].

   *  header: "Header"

      The value of header is defined in Header Object (Section 5.2.2)

   *  protected: "String"

   *  signature" "String"

5.2.2.  Header Object

   The Header Object and its contents are defined in section 4 of [JWS].
   The Header Object for a signed vCon MUST include the alg and either
   the x5c or x5u arrays.  The x5c or x5u requirement makes the
   management and use of vCons easier, allowing the certificate chain to
   be found as the vCon is moved.

   *  alg: "String"

      The string value of alg is defined in section 4.1.1 of [JWS].  For
      a signed vCon this value SHOULD be "RS256" to maximize
      interoperability.

   *  x5c: "String[]" (MUST provide x5c or x5u)

      The array of string values for x5c are defined in section 4.1.6 of
      [JWS].

   *  x5u: "String" (MUST provide x5c or x5u)

      The string value of x5u MUST contain an [HTTPS] URL as defined in
      section 4.1.5 of [JWS].

   *  uuid: "String" (SHOULD be provided)

      The string value of the UUID for the vCon contained in the payload
      parameter.  This is added for convenience to not require
      verification of the signed vCon to get it's UUID.  When the vCon
      is verified, the value of this uuid parameter SHOULD be verified
      against the UUID in the signed vCon.

   TODO: How to deal with expired signatures?

5.3.  Encrypted Form of vCon Object

   TODO: Check this terminology:

   A vCon MUST be signed first using JWS as defined in Signed Form of
   vCon Object (Section 5.2), then encrypted using JWE as opposed to
   just encrypted with integrity protection.  The rationale is that meta
   data and dialog will typically be collected in one security domain,
   then may be stored or exported to another.  The signing is likely for
   the lifetime of the vCon, where the encryption may be shorter term or
   domain specific. vCons may be stored in unencrypted form, but the
   signed form MUST be maintained to ensure its integrity.

   A encrypted vCon uses [JWE] and takes the General JWE JSON
   Serialization Syntax form as defined in section 7.2.1 of [JWE].

   *  unprotected: "Unprotected"

   *  recipients: "Recipient[]"

   *  iv: "String"

      The string value of iv is the Initialization Vector as constructed
      as defined in section 7.2.1 of [JWE].

   *  ciphertext: "String"

      The string value of ciphertext is constructed as defined in
      section 7.2.1 of [JWE] using the signed form of the vCon as the
      plaintext input for encryption.

   *  tag: "String"

      The string value of tag is the the Authentication Tag as defined
      in section 7.2.1 of [JWE].

5.3.1.  Unprotected Object

   *  cty: "String"

      The string value of cty SHOULD be "application/vcon"

   *  enc: "String"

      The string value of enc SHOULD be "A256CBC-HS512"

   *  uuid: "String" (SHOULD be provided)

      The string value of the UUID for the vCon contained in the
      ciphertext parameter.  This is provided for identification of the
      encrypted vCon without the need of the key to decrypt the vCon.
      The value of this uuid parameter SHOULD be verified when the vCon
      is decrypted.

5.3.2.  Recipient Object

   *  header: "Header"

   *  encrypted_key: "String"

      The string value of encrypted_key is defined in section 7.2.1 of
      [JWE].

5.3.3.  Header Object

   *  alg: "String"

      The string value of alg SHOULD be "RSA-OAEP".

   TODO: describe how to differentiate unsigned, JWS and JWE forms of
   vCon

6.  IANA Considerations

   This section includes the information required for IANA to register
   the application/vcon media type per [MEDIATYPE].

6.1.  JSON Format vCon Mediatype

   Type name: application

   Subtype name: vcon+json Subtype name: vcon+gzip

   Required parameters: N/A

   Optional parameters: N/A; unrecognized parameters should be ignored.

   Encoding considerations: [JSON]

   Additional information:

   Security considerations: See Security Considerations section of this
   document.

   Interoperability considerations:

   Published specification: [VCON], this document

   Applications that use this media type:

   Fragment identifier considerations:

   Additional Information:

   Deprecated alias names for this type: N/A

   Magic number(s): N/A

   File extension(s): "vcon"

   Macintosh file type code(s): N/A

   Windows Clipboard Name: VCON

   Author: See the Author's Addresses section of this document.

   Change controller: IETF

7.  Non-Upward Compatible Changes to the vCon Container

7.1.  Version 0.0.1 to 0.0.2

   "mimetype" parameters were renamed to "mediatype"

8.  References

8.1.  Normative References

   [GEOPRIV]  Peterson, J., "A Presence-based GEOPRIV Location Object
              Format", RFC 4119, DOI 10.17487/RFC4119, December 2005,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4119>.

   [HTTPS]    Fielding, R., Ed., Nottingham, M., Ed., and J. Reschke,
              Ed., "HTTP Semantics", STD 97, RFC 9110,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC9110, June 2022,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9110>.

   [JSON]     Bray, T., Ed., "The JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) Data
              Interchange Format", STD 90, RFC 8259,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC8259, December 2017,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8259>.

   [JWE]      Jones, M. and J. Hildebrand, "JSON Web Encryption (JWE)",
              RFC 7516, DOI 10.17487/RFC7516, May 2015,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7516>.

   [JWK]      Jones, M., "JSON Web Key (JWK)", RFC 7517,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC7517, May 2015,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7517>.

   [JWS]      Jones, M., Bradley, J., and N. Sakimura, "JSON Web
              Signature (JWS)", RFC 7515, DOI 10.17487/RFC7515, May
              2015, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7515>.

   [MAILTO]   Duerst, M., Masinter, L., and J. Zawinski, "The 'mailto'
              URI Scheme", RFC 6068, DOI 10.17487/RFC6068, October 2010,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6068>.

   [MEDIATYPE]
              Freed, N., Klensin, J., and T. Hansen, "Media Type
              Specifications and Registration Procedures", BCP 13,
              RFC 6838, DOI 10.17487/RFC6838, January 2013,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6838>.

   [MIME]     Freed, N. and N. Borenstein, "Multipurpose Internet Mail
              Extensions (MIME) Part One: Format of Internet Message
              Bodies", RFC 2045, DOI 10.17487/RFC2045, November 1996,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2045>.

   [PASSporT] Wendt, C. and J. Peterson, "PASSporT: Personal Assertion
              Token", RFC 8225, DOI 10.17487/RFC8225, February 2018,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8225>.

   [PIDF-LO]  Winterbottom, J., Thomson, M., and H. Tschofenig, "GEOPRIV
              Presence Information Data Format Location Object (PIDF-LO)
              Usage Clarification, Considerations, and Recommendations",
              RFC 5491, DOI 10.17487/RFC5491, March 2009,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5491>.

   [RFC2119]  Bradner, S., "Key words for use in RFCs to Indicate
              Requirement Levels", BCP 14, RFC 2119,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC2119, March 1997,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119>.

   [RFC3339]  Klyne, G. and C. Newman, "Date and Time on the Internet:
              Timestamps", RFC 3339, DOI 10.17487/RFC3339, July 2002,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3339>.

   [RFC8174]  Leiba, B., "Ambiguity of Uppercase vs Lowercase in RFC
              2119 Key Words", BCP 14, RFC 8174, DOI 10.17487/RFC8174,
              May 2017, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8174>.

   [TEL]      Schulzrinne, H., "The tel URI for Telephone Numbers",
              RFC 3966, DOI 10.17487/RFC3966, December 2004,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3966>.

   [UUID]     Peabody, B. and K. R. Davis, "New UUID Formats", Work in
              Progress, Internet-Draft, draft-peabody-dispatch-new-uuid-
              format-04, 23 June 2022,
              <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-peabody-
              dispatch-new-uuid-format-04>.

8.2.  Informative References

   [CBOR]     Bormann, C. and P. Hoffman, "Concise Binary Object
              Representation (CBOR)", STD 94, RFC 8949,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC8949, December 2020,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8949>.

   [CDDL]     Birkholz, H., Vigano, C., and C. Bormann, "Concise Data
              Definition Language (CDDL): A Notational Convention to
              Express Concise Binary Object Representation (CBOR) and
              JSON Data Structures", RFC 8610, DOI 10.17487/RFC8610,
              June 2019, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8610>.

   [CDR]      ITU, "Recommendation Q.825: Specification of TMN
              applications at the Q3 interface: Call detail recording",
              n.d., <https://www.itu.int/rec/T-REC-Q.825>.

   [ISOBMFF]  "Information technology -- Coding of audio-visual objects
              -- Part 12: ISO base media file format", ISO/IEC
              14496-12:2022, January 2022,
              <https://www.iso.org/standard/83102.html>.

   [JMAP]     Jenkins, N. and C. Newman, "The JSON Meta Application
              Protocol (JMAP)", RFC 8620, DOI 10.17487/RFC8620, July
              2019, <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8620>.

   [JWT]      Jones, M., Bradley, J., and N. Sakimura, "JSON Web Token
              (JWT)", RFC 7519, DOI 10.17487/RFC7519, May 2015,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7519>.

   [SHA-512]  Eastlake 3rd, D. and T. Hansen, "US Secure Hash Algorithms
              (SHA and SHA-based HMAC and HKDF)", RFC 6234,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC6234, May 2011,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc6234>.

   [SIP-XFER] Sparks, R., Johnston, A., Ed., and D. Petrie, "Session
              Initiation Protocol (SIP) Call Control - Transfer",
              BCP 149, RFC 5589, DOI 10.17487/RFC5589, June 2009,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc5589>.

   [vCard]    Kewisch, P., "jCard: The JSON Format for vCard", RFC 7095,
              DOI 10.17487/RFC7095, January 2014,
              <https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc7095>.

   [vCon-white-paper]
              Howe, T., Petrie, D., Lieberman, M., and A. Quayle, "vCon:
              an Open Standard for Conversation Data", n.d.,
              <https://github.com/vcon-dev/vcon/blob/main/docs/vCons_%20
              an%20Open%20Standard%20for%20Conversation%20Data.pdf>.

Appendix A.  Contact Center Use Cases

   TODO: insert draft-rosenberg-vcon-cc-usecases here

Appendix B.  Example vCons

   This appendix contains example vCons in the unsigned, signed and
   encrypted form.  The JSON has been indented for readability.  Long
   text lines have been wrapped with a left hand white space indent for
   readability purposes.

B.1.  Two Party Call vCon With Inline Recording

   This example vCon is for a simple 2 party PSTN call.  It has a single
   Dialog Object which contains a single channel wav format recording
   with the two parties audio mixed into the single channel.

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "parties": [
       {
         "tel": "+12345678901",
         "name": "Alice"
       },
       {
         "tel": "+19876543210",
         "name": "Bob"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "recording",
         "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:26.000+00:00",
         "duration": 4.72,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "mimetype": "audio/x-wav",
         "filename": "ab_call.wav",
         "encoding": "base64url",
         "body": "UklGRioeAABXQVZFZm10IBQAAAAxAAEAQB8AAFkGAABBAAAAAg
           BAAWZhY3QEAAAAgJMAAGRhdGH2HQAAoxjXHYXCRekuye4gK4Tsiv4wZeN
           htuvu3RMkgyPXme4NeahQLG0yeLayx5HCIiRWK7psbQrQTFm57NwQJvIb
           q1aNxk6VpMYAXSm5Bb1rgStIStvEzmCaOIabxs2gjReJ02Rk0BQtOxHkh
           UTIZd4VGKoq1KuoCGhrZTx1vRZICuZEcgkGjdH2jiCU1a0NMW6BE8lVHN
           -OYFPHcZspr0CSl1aeo2hOWUx3CbovpGqKsApWteunk8gMPMOdynRVFWR
           5o0l2BvaQDcWugGRHrQa9NcEbG1LWQq_AWLpsXKdMQefGrZu4ZE2ZSDIR
           GJLTKpIzDybqSyZishQmjuVGztMKNlcyt2vW546JsutgllyppQWroAtHb
           kyrrGAx3bIiX81g1sR-oVaBbtkobA08fpJYscQSlHHcGm7hDriuWTRm8A
           6GKQ1Fbcn10M30DcHctnEchwaAI7dxI2knYCQ5biNHB2Djxm3bFmyU5TA
           3ALZt3DaSeABIkiRJcm0AxpEkSZI7AEiSJEmSwUYZ1mQLYNu2bdumPWDb
           tm3b9gOAJEmSJFkFgCRJkiQZbHRhTccDtm3btm0qAEaOJEmSPABIkiRJk
           jAASJIkSZLBRhfW9CKAJEmS49gCgCRJkiQ5P2Dbtm3bZgSAJEmSJClkcm
           VNLgBIkiRJkm8ASJIkSZIvAkiSJEmOswM2btu2bcMVmd3kIoDkyJEkySO
           AJEmS3AgGgCRJkhypC2DjuG3j9mxOWQiyEUQ1DAtyvQJS9aTWWc4KuFqL
           O9F4CCJX4yeFkMaSUWSLYMkYinzGa4HzyrEi6-pgHVdXe6mugKzW7VqHY
           OzcDDsXWnJkeVXHFKpuLDZSrAroZOQohtASpE4dyZSRxozJQC6hJE2OLG
           iNYLM1ruIWzsCcRhEW6c3AJhq6bmp9cZ0IvAy2a5xJVcUMNE8Qq3G0CEJ
           y30SNxwrUqUy5NczWkI3S7UCk4iyrBM3AzCvJqkisQPQkcekWjYDoJk4D
           pWiPmUzXCtKFMkuy1g7MtWnrqLwMSqpjR8vXDipSKzk1D-bOjdLzgNQol
           lapqqCUmjChmctA6jRmYPOLYJtHbatocTAZCfAQ3LHs6O2zDuCC_LyStA
           gkklFHZesUspXsSr0S5lCRYg-hXc2tKqMsgeqYkNzSVmLc9mk08zbhzUK
           O3fhkzJQsvBTCcNk2s-oUxO5zpatkETyFn-xtrxRaTR0hZk3WDo5ELiFW
           Oq7hmMxgKjdcY0SO4Fk7cijHC6EYNXEZI6oDUQz2EeJMMh1orxSOup04u
           UUjOtyjwVQ3HdhpuSRyJv0WzpRTo-so7pMpdgKWUk0jlEwjiqBJAwcuw5
           lca39VznGdMLAg6o-EEenbKEQxgkeS0xxEteISQcQUNPm8KxaV1xKKIq-
           BFEpsm_bjIFPLiJwpRoEoSZEuqWuBJLuu1oxZC8ksQB0Wkt_IqrwaSMq8
           p4mzEPrFksdx9i9KZVv36AvGkMmyKsHI864U2eThk-iNKRsvgRsqL1vMT
           UHbPK2ZqVwNHW3oEIay3EaN7xJGgV4mmK8Q1k0O4jHPCFpRzHYxBtbOEZ
           FMQeMoOVQ2F8GTOXvh9-qARmvOaH9MYaOpdTIFaS-ZJO4OGmZOvo3fEig
           5M8lQvwxinfXKhc4QrPGM0pIJthKKkixBYjvlZJlNwXTljSW8VWFex6ts
           hg7BUiVuU8VoDtlMwRBEkqXknPYWWNFMRtW_FMhsVIpV4RDESZlqtFXHV
           I3GSmHZyNFMV24h48qsHAdLYeumkSKhTYG1Qp0LpWhr1UitEmaJ1DxuXw
           gGEe62VbkIUKKbdkv2CFhIZMdnkebSjRKzoCG7Uc32ywDkqkauEsuAzOq
           K1vnNoKFOtloMaa5YBWwbZI_aPtKzFMpyqx7WNBXEqt43TasSiiaAKW8U
           2NSFxMuA6htzZ8ougZAbtgLVamHcwpHZgq6B40DSETuvriVpKyFIUpxog
           TQvwrBFaY5MScRRE6GFMFGqYp5L26r4Eo2kooM941UsSSRC6NVuXVFmol
           1pueTN7sLdPY-uiHbuECmzJFAvywh-KivWrRRtmK4u4p1Va666LNhrFMt
           F3tZKlTDvgdOFlqN-zUGbWLWajishIrY5DTNLYovSDJJ2co6MCCwrxmmd
           6u0wU-CtiptRtUQohlesWT1X0I4kR-NrCEmIIFRGelq51TpDpN2jnuxFr
           UWfaop44QqkpsixOkeSsFwpyiIoHV4IN-NAtFJboRbtIqoILbeS0SJe1i
           2_tl8Xi4xizaGMTbVg3w4C6biZ8LrTot8bmqK5TWIKQWqUWloIyQhHJaA
           MTQaq4SQWNzTeTaoc5MHEkWrWHEY8moxcmLeQkQStoV9lsiM7S6HlKE6n
           LKfAJK3GVq0WQeK8fmKNcascCXElWJJd9iwvNSi9mNvGsRwsvvxyHsw0O
           qqptnxsWafZojyKIykTLXobrtrgcAoryw9tNE7TVstKaCBBmEJ2LMUsXJ
           KCCBk1kWpsul1ZnZRgWoSnleyJ9njK9VrZXCrYFojg6ofqqAam-jOFbEv
           QIIcLJF9f-quNDsQiS9ac_ljMEE30OjQXKrmVeCxG7iE3UmIcLO4g0zVP
           FXAN5biakMaMydRuQRlJ2NuaTOEqKabgJg8hc8KNG6PLgDxn1fDGZAzRL
           OsMhnEGF6--CEZJU6ly4hJmqiXpha4Wumlis26U5hAVtMxgmpVUIzPOoF
           gpsVVLLOHiSOrKysoBq0Zx4xZZTVFJOwqozvXM7WEQtpmkq7GqF-ZKnqo
           2YBGysVvsSJPm0I1kDMHOdHEkN09hm8NtJWnmgA1HDhVoL2ENW6odeXkN
           2SjJCmjxotduUws-l3OyDu8KtGUMMc7ICrJu6XpMSsdQkSTuwEC3ddtk1
           sBUQyktmMqA8Ti6G-crYSsVVlmFXE5VLeQOtC5kuFCrCEaqTeuJWQu662
           W5sr4KQGcrRVjLFlHVdK1AV8Wt23ivgJmLsuU8TcEjG_ZdREvB1iiaHKh
           cz1xJMxPOah1FhvcK8lOaK1nSFjSPk8iRxghUySuliw230olEzwCfOKfz
           Wq1gbFMH82iPYAk3rlNhzICdTIYblWwvYSnWDliN3TRvLwcmQhMcPlYJ2
           G0NuYpJD0KtVEqpSuaU1fJLgdp0aRyn1kAzM6_jW-6Ab1vxovqtwJTZzm
           Z3YM0gTVgRVm-zNm61DvaQaqVr1A4IUsQ8LLkMJpXarHRIxlLSNK3Akqh
           uGv2uQA6pcuSkrmCpllETvY4g4sgt3IZgbhUtSQ3orOouknUJ1taUPXRI
           Dbq5EVeuvgzEsQQ5jgvmTk10zaCg2G2Tm9ZAzCJO3ZSLwN3M9XWerUD9y
           motaWDvHEm_DMyQrMou9w7OsB05t1MLNLZrvBlRCyiKjkSNicYUzuazIJ
           WzclQ3ziAtZVVs5a6Azhg6GYPKYGHFPaTKYO5ULdIIuIVksabFDJrRRdw
           9tAxEiUvZpcIOmrAj69TTtpaJsMpgneyUu9ZtweRYk6l2zKDS5JJsq0xh
           JBfulMtcL5kscBlAcSNHUsIK9qirs87yELpvrLnOzBCklpo5lYvGlJFUj
           IBTKTkkcU2BGheP1KqrgF1TrSljrYDcpm5KK2RSYU1nAERu3LaNXQDIce
           RIjmMASHIjSZI0AkiS5EiSgUcX1gQDgCRJkiR5B2Akx5EkqQOAJEmSJJk
           FgOQ4kiQZcJQhMbwENm7bxnHnBLZx3MaRbwBIkiTJcTcAOHIkSZLBNhvW
           xiSAJEmS5DgFYBxJkiRpB4AkSZIkeTxg27Zt28ZoLB1FqA84qpop2DMPx
           B3yyHWxCEq-fmsS1w4YUjo9rZTHlFH0q2AdUZIptdIgy0RuGddqgdyotU
           Kb6kDbE4ukV4FunQyxDEpOHKgiUSHekezIka8Kys0TR3PlCFqPHrR10te
           OkYSnQKOlepQdzQALJTqbhIqAomiNxIiNQFTXZWWneXHhSPESVm4lyc1O
           EahpnMKFsBQojionS9MISIq9u9dX59iNgu2gpbd5mlatoGmpjpyqjmBt5
           mp0Za5gpVZzpUR17lgp0gqgLVIIdvMIpMbktErBDJqS65hy7ApUjiOjsZ
           jXVtnitEDxJq5aG66ApGvxHWmugByp0ds4LmGdNmmEymntVCmzCtSY5M1
           qUBO8kizbWc8NqLsw9nW0Gs7tY1vtFaiWTVDsoGVNdfvy7EFD0zJMJMuh
           I8etAzstQSK9TqvpdEzdBMUeNm5USi3YDuxszZiSWgyyWeoovtoMyHWWq
           2ZV91RVoMpgpZpQ1zgMgaS7rZxLzEDtpK2trKygm6OGJjhtTtkkxQyorh
           vXclcNUm6s1VLtDlhq1joy3Qo2RpWU-ZK3zs1CNSH1RJqjWGsho6Zx2oS
           sgGJIcZs6ziDMOLLqmo20XU34CDxWFAlOzAwIclQXst8MptWj3tLfCOz1
           7dx5VMYMkhLXgCU1Tg1GjMAbNW7bZkNg47Zt2-bugBtDMS63bTCdKbESG
           k7cNHK5EMBNJbmW4hLKcq0pfkQL4lCtJpZcZ5lRYExhk0XS7spt4ROnLe
           TaHEJbJykFmkoBhLVwfG1lDRkpRBIW0aM6dXgKONwlc6IpD-5YTcW9ySC
           6cTwpkhfWUFbUi2AfdLNotAyhFTuqiuqzQF43RreH1EHc2G2famXv3GQz
           EbaFWyWKvA54ay1HF-0WaJMjq906C-JtlpSGDtaOkSItYVtKktMmrGCT1
           qEbaSxh1DZOJObUoCBLiW2dhTBZSboKOn4bOVnLCsim9Vyu6wioklaqLM
           wMRpELrXJT15RJUHWB4zRiZbPWgFzGEW1m7GCjCpoi6w7ArGdeWR1xUdV
           E4AhQkiPNbtYLqG2e6JS1CkRf_tqZwgo4U6xWhpT3lokwzIBRsy3tVIsg
           WTSNDUusYBTn6eN4rWCcrBCVxGDNVEXBCm6R5sZ2KBO2buNHk98WyK7DX
           HWwCsQ1pNVVy-YUSnKsYVypCiTXrkDsqC4TR61A2aJ02vjOIJ2ujquiZO
           -cSL4MSpGOSs3HCiZxVDdx8hbGiZS5qekUStXiHI5P1o5N0sqA6vpMc_u
           tIDWYcuJI7GB2uf5jpa2A1k7O2hJ1S50MvwjebFu4sckMmFXwNDJdC2gP
           GbeqYB24bSA5bg7XWI0ky2DTiDPkIu6A4WapZRrtoJu8rhnJy4CktZkdm
           2QuWUj0CnjWs1anShG4kiTXnKkQFnggS42-DhS-8spVTOYSjjIvgZtOSi
           QV7IC9NHYYg8yAy-Sq4mduYeU4rsSaXE-dSdsI1MmiVVS8ErZp3kBO5wj
           EUZ4litUKhlYLm5QIFtPFgkxBVCWnInXNoIVYldbH66DrRk768I6gWceU
           HbhsbZ1MuBLKqaPWZtUSumrm0pKsEkSW8bZx9gzKVdvYjBkIn41UzoBFK
           3LyJsuA6kZz3MUuQeU0DhvnbYEcW5bdqWANoUQrDbibYg2RxwykcQtFxu
           oKIuEcw871DDhunD4tzhWRiZKuwORIrt6cHWGatkIUN7RA5GRSnbytgA2
           mUh5lce5QSPAOVI1y5IjtErKQGbd1vwxM0p1FrtcMZJIdtTLS1s6NgKxA
           tkKwi3lMgWQ3umtJ7EAdaSMlRayAXbdarDp5LxEpxAgMd4zJkKwMhp4iu
           TKzDKaQSkOh3w7Gkde4udP2zowSzGDUzMPuSMvAJUlVLASPgOSocix9s4
           DzYFbqOmlN2Si5CDBPTUeN3AyiSASTj_gKQrGctqdxE0QupVatDbeMTdK
           KQCOVhgu562BiGc8kqZSgbmtJFpWswNs2N6N8cTEdLcAIqLKKN2nHDKay
           FL-VSAtmrgY5caoKppCbxnRPxkzJ4IxAzLamG0dPweK2jp0WzCAUF4lmu
           GuB5PqpZGWxi-Tdu83IkRu58bvpIpTjyo49xVau11BOPq_Mb1I30pTKhu
           LbE-qCppVr1bMoG5MWofRNaO9FTtUULKkcxK1se60u4PnCSpYeriVaxor
           WtSTbT3ZK-p8kPe3OUiL2Y0mSV6vGnamuo-xkacV8jGIsCdadKA_ipsBK
           XQamggPJeduCoXCctcQSaILpxDhsIvSya1mXrwzUEtw0g9UKyjCDNMmYF
           xWa1G6BBUWGlK_WoJooLVmiBGHikq3TOO9AEUt8yriBEt1F5gjCrW17ll
           gN6E7bRoi2FDau7PaxcRMsVt5Wr9go19VEzaBf2C4UUY5gmjI1SF2MQJU
           7ZWVKrUDpFujiln1R4UivHsaQmzSNxgpGtiM9t9kSpn4bzbHvCnaKZmWq
           2AfTjebrYBCpdao7zaCoRVZr8-pgwzgwjVDtAJ0mjdKkiRBhRbsKSrXlN
           KtbD-aKFDROcw1Ehiq5jtAIKHooV3bV9lCVdKsge8N14oiuIJm0ccukra
           AjR32iF89grKzNdamJcSEltQ7aTZpjxc0KIillx5XHCHysPSmv5gx4W2O
           7Nxf4EFLybMEchVUcy81g-kryZoEsoRzLTe5Iz2DuuJGTo4TWsS7EEqZq
           ZPWVzwm8cSfnTlMNZnTdRBWqLFRO0FhyCwrNsgWL4WWmlaQNfAKyp7a_o
           iJiLDOWg3KsAU5ZdmQWsYhsm3Ua6JUbian3EvyU9yIn9BBIfVv4gU81SF
           F9pZFK-RRuGcuho3tJyUIEIdS4jUsJZ2ElNbAWKI9ApOJ10yWFL91xwha
           ia6MmSbQUVIm9V4avEEx1c5up0g7a8M1AJlYnF9pUb4H7NrZay2vBJrc2
           k2XXIB0rbxGVbEHSTPLkdHVP3SiyFkrSfMuqxxSoUywTl7IK1nkqWR3qF
           NigHFmJWfeOTZKu4OsYU5RWNWLaxG3QKsxAH0Xr5MYsgRRlrRxdeTFZKP
           QOWKXeYsHHFFSVOiuy4xLmktxOiccSTLEdt06UeF2KVM1gajRx2oivgNS
           oT9Uo1WEamTIm9CohXLeNQMbUdBiaxp2WflvGlTgayFeymZpJEhaXJbvJ
           bhY-6rEiNo1q35r2NWEeGLEiFZUh7qBmzS6rAtsoEfP2qgIqN07jV62KJ
           L5mJ8xvQMXyuSqOmKTZmr0gILnRjZnWLNy3E6apVcqEmXur4e1Ezc0Mhk
           FCmGVjYezBbFiQqsRKoZqj4hX5pCtSP8sQhnUaqW1RJSqSNgF3q6VIkts
           6gbI6OvI3h4nQmlz1ozQkau0juIS0Qiw7auE3tEEvYXRsZuaB2jJr6uOY
           LyWaxR4Y1iR7T2sS6u4Z3ULmGNjN21tO7hS4nJs8rxUoT9HUi6Ds6-5mx
           y1BJLdNZmZPgc7IbpV61UCqx7FkV4FwUSi1CpI5kpRt8Agwbx1liMIIYg
           vVuNbBCKTsXsSQmQeVyYQ0IV2XedKKrSAvabkyS-5gMV0WNe3twGuVgdy
           kiZNZTb8MQkvFX_GvDiqZ7Jqx6Qy4kc0YieoUxlCMptKYB1WRQO_AZunS
           7XqsYBZOkdyUruCy6A2gRc6A21apH0mB9Slu2wbkbbohLvQWuEnhBE2qF
           qZQlXpJsBRaRZ4qzkyZ5SIjVEHMJknKsq1BI7RtG_eKABbHbKrC7kCkWI
           dGQ4GyoUnzCjItYBipvAq8yFbt7WcMKI5j6s3iDkRSmwxGV-cOlub0oNv
           Y0poFzYBrV5kx60thYpm17IgtARLGrKsJfdFYkcIUJrr1mHrzCMLzKzV9
           xgy6Vh1Hpe0SuDYd125Nm9hzUw-hHjlS3JiNQJ1Ijdu2fWbj2CcZ14pk8
           msp48awbTU3Vhr-TrTvKFIcJPojF333KkjyGUaSZTV6aQ3L1U5roOuwHE
           eaE3BkySIiTaBS7LYsgZnfdoSZBqHdpK1LJ6nQXJpwFchNZ-vv8xp4cqv
           Lqa0cGpWl9XayEpCRW4nNE_pKXYuXQZRLUfXLKmFox06kAmxhaUUlY2rP
           QBndZc5KgVBZVccIYtqqta31CDpUHcdw6hTWRcLIlSsKUoKsXoqS1xKRs
           q3AEDV1YXdNQVsLcavky2BUuV3TLK2A5BI-god9seFE9A6yU9tW2-oKUq
           Z0RZLgCjw5p0l25BC4kZnYadDW1I1grKALt9LbprSAbMalGvUuQSahbhP
           JagGlRHEktWixXCXhDOQRDBlSVh0mU7LYCU0RTgM_Q7Y6EtCuUUuyS_aO
           ldRNYTI30c12jsDe9orzdy2Bs1qyYl1X4TtVsuuqWM4YTasUyMbarHYtE
           byJ3Bo12BWYivAUrq0sGlIcSajNGBOaV83iXSaO2orMgR1LTvvmbqIkV1
           bqhycBO6edpup4cqVNsBKorPfKk-kQVj4uOb2vFDR71CiSzRK2yQu9bRk
           2U5GA74Bmmc-a3Duh2wt71OqKId1YaORWTKF70pIrx4lS3SjKDFAtoq5N
           RBOoUKRmaXYWRJGeyNbGFNphZDhQSOeQyWBtYUOViaKmq4Ds5tTbOi1hV
           D-ObJWqoF3EMeuQZM0kSbIUxka8to7uDEI22iqLLA1GVqU1kdkKUm7juL
           HMxtBJwoygoxXHHceqgNI0coPGksAkukX7kCphGrtuXkWBENVIzxI-MSU
           nUrAIukf69lHJDDYvE0teUQ1Y1V9IUo3mzkVUz6AUtQccy8pgLSQ5BXnL
           IBYzmirr7WBhyUVr9WjuHE0rCwhyWueNtw5IbfpWqrgUNnoiaXLDCiy50
           lvsjtdQkWKLAKNekZZirKCnaDVvVu3gHNlVYX3MQLIoSq6KgTCdRPIO0I
           2jusa2CmbG5uautQ5Ipl3WT64IOLVbW9PQKNcZZ8-A7Dp3pswbQdQ6PYG
           NK6HaxUDiVs2AZRnOzRaRUJ1Z6RRI0iTHyfYKRI4cOjrxEqgqospuKyO4
           VZK_1lMokw2JQ2EolrXkqIzAI9wynWjn4FHvUqacrIC0RnZac4WPmUzNE
           CZOpSgqWw2qbCREedIMNFu0NS7rDCQRm5iOledUzULLgCLLkIOJzyDaI6
           6hO--g3DQi01zLYCJHtJ2biVHhKPYMtKkxqW7hDEp1K9Uh1g6aTE04qTY
           AYJ3fXApcCBWS5MWA3OSpIoePwJXFTVo2rGAVRlHst8tgbmeSpDZxUJUk
           sA6kcd4lkuUIso2UtZG9ClrW79RZ6QpmbuLiclb31E2k7CAqw45ki60A4
           6rW27Yq4D2fkhOizUDkok4SxYkyWSmyCFauWgc2xgT6dKJu7dAIqpENKQ
           bnCDROpEfX1vfUiXK1YHY3fvRXzGD8yJUhCY0A3TJtU4XvgNpMip1KbQ-
           VLPQMwoxUJ1rIDDQuKyN5qg5Ek_28smIPSHotx9XY9lJF5MxAqi4uJffq
           QLS4qSZr12BVG3lb7q1gmRdtnJiNcF0kyAqGNkw5KuoOyG3XXJbpCMxxZ
           zuZ9A7IjBzXzRQHk4Xi66Ciak0sa9ZAk7uQJJmtIBrDQhIZDCCisukrYW
           2QWUj1CrhUGrmp9grYb-oYUuwMOGlkzJLUCMht7lzQHpubADSzYJ1ftv4
           KrIGVNW4YtUphGyv65IpeYkaXigzfwRxbJK4eULOsuofVTeKhI0V7rVx6
           syVN58RFipMWLcXb7HWa0ool1tVSbRerw1U13_R970Yst2rTUDSHiqJEk
           dDB3u8tLXXEZRi3iLuKOJJsq89gTZ4TTUs9wXJSZIUvXR-7sZUYe8uDt1
           KkJhPJMc6uUfVsadMGMupEzmqFtXHdstEeH4X3qL6u60iO3kZOOfwyo_K
           eppGj8RXzk2zV00dWW80n0QTMxLbTfSB8jmdFp02aKlNlK1l97XheSYTX
           kOLGwR4faduDnqHCOE2_ZLbx6rq35oJe0p26lepuXOWTt7Ie_DmLNi4ID
           SZom4YzSEtD47tmVUra4GERBpUJACE0Uua5njuKvpK2ddy599W22r4k_U
           2rbBguUz2dY6tWrvTZuZr9sdZE7-olvZu1lUrIGj9QIfauaCtaeXRZr4k
           fW5Hlxb0fr3U2lWqt6sOSaYEyZJEIdkWdSu89fZvqdnrVNRmum_xp2jTn
           h2ISAYJiKwN0oNFtnSyD5Eiyw3dPBAY5diql0b9ecXVDBo2Rs63nWNr6t
           fuyXTmu8nIabShdNojSNGobq52IxMKBgybmG60GIeX0pUNWh0AA9KxbRY
           yBJnluZH2Jc4hI2iigbuXGkTgINqqeKLVUDKTR2dQt6gpWMhzXTRd4B2B
           ULCDiSHXDgy8AnTuMqiROgCsJsYs4tGAjt1WcVdE2SATnCLSKbNhtyAJQ
           ciPHaL0Eyo0bWcX0DiZu29hwFntXxIIy4KuVckrtDCD4tGYSHctAFDmNz
           VbPQCvDauJGqTgafrcINDGcNGnZR7Zt3PoALxSCUqY0wbyrSHmTIZc"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [],
     "attachments": [],
     "uuid": "018b4f72-d342-8696-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
   }

B.2.  Text Chat vCon

   TODO: text vCon example

B.3.  Email Thread Multipart vCon

   The following is an unsigned form of an vCon for a 2 message email
   thread between 2 parties.  The email messages are multipart MIME
   message bodies.

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "group": [],
     "parties": [
       {
         "mailto": "b@example.com",
         "name": "Bob"
       },
       {
         "mailto": "a@example.com",
         "name": "Alice"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "text",
         "start": "2022-09-23T21:44:25.000+00:00",
         "duration": 0,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "mimetype": "multipart/mixed; \n\tboundary=\"----=_Part_388
           314_1108189513.1663969465698\"",
         "encoding": "none",
         "body": "------=_Part_388314_1108189513.1663969465698\r\nCo
           ntent-Type: multipart/alternative;\r\n\tboundary=\"----=_
           Part_388313_805631480.1663969465697\"\r\n\r\n------=_Part
           _388313_805631480.1663969465697\r\nContent-Type: text/pla
           in; charset=UTF-8\r\nContent-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit\r\n\
           r\nAlice:Please find the image attached.\r\n\r\nRegards,B
           ob\r\n\r\n------=_Part_388313_805631480.1663969465697\r\n
           Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8\r\nContent-Transfe
           r-Encoding: 7bit\r\n\r\n<html><head></head><body><div cla
           ss=\"yahoo-style-wrap\" style=\"font-family:Helvetica Neu
           e, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:16px;\"><div di
           r=\"ltr\" data-setdir=\"false\"><div><div dir=\"ltr\" sty
           le=\"font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica,
           Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\">Alice:</div><div di
           r=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;
           , Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\">Please
            find the image attached.<br></div><div dir=\"ltr\" style
           =\"font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Ar
           ial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\"><br></div><div dir=\"
           ltr\" style=\"font-family: &quot;Helvetica Neue&quot;, He
           lvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\">Regards,</
           div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family: &quot;Helvetica
            Neue&quot;, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16p
           x;\">Bob</div></div><br></div></div></body></html>\r\n---
           ---=_Part_388313_805631480.1663969465697--\r\n\r\n------=
           _Part_388314_1108189513.1663969465698\r\nContent-Type: im
           age/png\r\nContent-Transfer-Encoding: base64\r\nContent-D
           isposition: attachment; filename=\"=?UTF-8?b?c2NyZWVuc2hv
           dC5wbmc=?=\"\r\nContent-ID: <c4c28087-6fa1-395e-e50f-dcef
           d3d6bf96@yahoo.com>\r\n\r\niVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAACYAAA
           AeCAIAAADPdvs5AAAAA3NCSVQICAjb4U/gAAAAGXRFWHRT\r\nb2Z0d2F
           yZQBnbm9tZS1zY3JlZW5zaG907wO/PgAAALpJREFUSInl1t0NgzAMBOC7
           qPvP1gW6Qjdo\r\nj4f0J4qAJI6NROvniE8+mwCvtzv6imTnyf1K/UclH
           UFWjIvaIL3CHCABSPKKtJckWfY6zw+sj5dq\r\nISdVIzmj2klzTZG2Rm
           e7NKgOwY6qPrMcUs+2PqchL14P+oyz+fHx77K5Sv8xyxAyZ0uBaxn/Spc
           U\r\n8NxcosAut1Y3NtjVX7UjZlmpgWTSFyvVQPKB16tSqW53bFnKtyyZ
           vYT3rSsAWADWAlOjseYFfwAA\r\nAABJRU5ErkJggg==\r\n\r\n-----
           -=_Part_388314_1108189513.1663969465698--\r\n"
       },
       {
         "type": "text",
         "start": "2022-09-23T21:44:59.000+00:00",
         "duration": 0,
         "parties": [
           1,
           0
         ],
         "mimetype": "multipart/alternative; \n\tboundary=\"----=_Pa
           rt_390234_811845464.1663969499935\"",
         "encoding": "none",
         "body": "------=_Part_390234_811845464.1663969499935\r\nCon
           tent-Type: text/plain; charset=UTF-8\r\nContent-Transfer-
           Encoding: 7bit\r\n\r\n Hi Bob:Got it. Thanks.\r\n\r\n
           On Friday, September 23, 2022, 9:44:40 PM UTC, Bob <b@exa
           mple.com> wrote:  \r\n \r\n Alice:Please find the image a
           ttached.\r\n\r\nRegards,Bob\r\n  \r\n------=_Part_390234_
           811845464.1663969499935\r\nContent-Type: text/html; chars
           et=UTF-8\r\nContent-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit\r\n\r\n<html>
           <head></head><body><div class=\"ydp89e479a0yahoo-style-wr
           ap\" style=\"font-family:Helvetica Neue, Helvetica, Arial
           , sans-serif;font-size:16px;\"><div></div>\r\n        <di
           v><div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family: Helvetica Ne
           ue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\">Hi B
           ob:</div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family: Helvetica
           Neue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif; font-size: 16px;\">Go
           t it. Thanks.</div></div><br></div><div><br></div>\r\n
                \r\n        </div><div id=\"ydpdc5150a3yahoo_quoted_
           4829810715\" class=\"ydpdc5150a3yahoo_quoted\">\r\n
                 <div style=\"font-family:'Helvetica Neue', Helvetic
           a, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:13px;color:#26282a;\">\r\n
                           \r\n                <div>\r\n
                   On Friday, September 23, 2022, 9:44:40 PM UTC, Bo
           b &lt;b@example.com&gt; wrote:\r\n                </div>\
           r\n                <div><br></div>\r\n                <di
           v><br></div>\r\n                <div><div id=\"ydpdc5150a
           3yiv4578005613\"><div><div style=\"font-family:Helvetica
           Neue, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:16px;\" clas
           s=\"ydpdc5150a3yiv4578005613yahoo-style-wrap\"><div dir=\
           "ltr\"><div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family:Helvetic
           a, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:16px;\">Alice:</div><div d
           ir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family:Helvetica, Arial, sans-ser
           if;font-size:16px;\">Please find the image attached.<br><
           /div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-family:Helvetica, Aria
           l, sans-serif;font-size:16px;\"><br></div><div dir=\"ltr\
           " style=\"font-family:Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;font-s
           ize:16px;\">Regards,</div><div dir=\"ltr\" style=\"font-f
           amily:Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif;font-size:16px;\">Bob<
           /div></div><br></div></div></div></div></div>\r\n
               </div>\r\n        </div></body></html>\r\n------=_Par
           t_390234_811845464.1663969499935--\r\n"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [],
     "attachments": [],
     "created_at": "2023-10-20T23:36:50.256+00:00",
     "redacted": {},
     "subject": "Account problem",
     "uuid": "018b4f72-df56-82ac-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
   }

B.4.  Email Thread Text vCon

   The following is an unsigned form of an vCon for a 3 message email
   thread between 2 parties.  The email messages are plain text message
   bodies.

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "group": [],
     "parties": [
       {
         "mailto": "a@example.com",
         "name": "Alice"
       },
       {
         "mailto": "b@example.com",
         "name": "Bob"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "text",
         "start": "2022-09-23T23:24:59.000+00:00",
         "duration": 0,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "mimetype": "text/plain",
         "encoding": "none",
         "body": "Hi Bob:\nI just wanted to follow up to see that yo
           ur account is ok now.\n\nRegards,\nAlice\n\n"
       },
       {
         "type": "text",
         "start": "2022-09-23T23:34:32.000+00:00",
         "duration": 0,
         "parties": [
           1,
           0
         ],
         "mimetype": "text/plain; charset=UTF-8",
         "encoding": "none",
         "body": "Hi Alice:\nAll is fine. Thanks.\n\n    On Friday,
           September 23, 2022, 23:24:59 PM UTC, Alice <a@example.com
           > wrote:  \n \n  Hi Bob:\n  I just wanted to follow up to
            see that your account is ok now.\n  \n  Regards,\n  Alic
           e\n"
       },
       {
         "type": "text",
         "start": "2022-09-23T23:38:12.000+00:00",
         "duration": 0,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "mimetype": "text/plain",
         "encoding": "none",
         "body": "Awesome!\n\n    On Friday, September 23, 2022, 23:
           34: PM UTC, Bob <b@example.com> wrote:  \n\n  Hi Alice:\n
             All is fine. Thanks.\n  \n      On Friday, September 23
           , 2022, 23:24:59 PM UTC, Alice <a@example.com> wrote:  \n
              \n    Hi Bob:\n    I just wanted to follow up to see t
           hat your account is ok now.\n    \n    Regards,\n    Alic
           e\n"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [],
     "attachments": [],
     "created_at": "2023-10-20T23:36:51.450+00:00",
     "redacted": {},
     "subject": "Account issue followup",
     "uuid": "018b4f72-e3fb-8770-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
   }

B.5.  Two Party Call vCon With Externally Referenced Recording

   This example vCon is for a simple 2 party PSTN call.  It has a single
   Dialog Object which reference a single channel wav format recording
   with the two parties audio mixed into the single channel.

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "parties": [
       {
         "tel": "+12345678901",
         "name": "Alice"
       },
       {
         "tel": "+19876543210",
         "name": "Bob"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "recording",
         "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:26.000+00:00",
         "duration": 33.12,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "url": "https://github.com/ietf-wg-vcon/draft-ietf-vcon-vco
           n-container/raw/refs/heads/main/examples/ab_call.mp3",
         "mimetype": "audio/x-mp3",
         "filename": "ab_call.mp3",
         "signature": "GLy6IPaIUM1GqzZqfIPZlWjaDsNgNvZM0iCONNThnH0a7
           5fhUM6cYzLZ5GynSURREvZwmOh54-2lRRieyj82UQ",
         "alg": "SHA-512"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [],
     "attachments": [],
     "uuid": "01928d46-fd43-8c6b-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
   }

B.6.  Two Party Call vCon with Analysis

   TODO: fix diarization in transcript

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "parties": [
       {
         "tel": "+12345678901",
         "name": "Alice"
       },
       {
         "tel": "+19876543210",
         "name": "Bob"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "recording",
         "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:26.000+00:00",
         "duration": 33.12,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "url": "https://github.com/ietf-wg-vcon/draft-ietf-vcon-vco
           n-container/raw/refs/heads/main/examples/ab_call.mp3",
         "mimetype": "audio/x-mp3",
         "filename": "ab_call.mp3",
         "signature": "GLy6IPaIUM1GqzZqfIPZlWjaDsNgNvZM0iCONNThnH0a7
           5fhUM6cYzLZ5GynSURREvZwmOh54-2lRRieyj82UQ",
         "alg": "SHA-512"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [
       {
         "type": "transcript",
         "dialog": 0,
         "body": {
           "metadata": {
             "transaction_key": "deprecated",
             "request_id": "410a0b7e-92e1-4a97-b724-a3ddd71d5706",
             "sha256": "04dc074100461f5082f2a7a286d0161f0e2728025e83
               c20592aa7ea3724c2933",
             "created": "2024-10-14T23:04:58.518Z",
             "duration": 33.119938,
             "channels": 1,
             "models": [
               "ab6ddbae-6037-49fb-b0ca-0c8cd63849a1"
             ],
             "model_info": {
               "ab6ddbae-6037-49fb-b0ca-0c8cd63849a1": {
                 "name": "2-meeting-nova",
                 "version": "2024-02-05.12156",
                 "arch": "nova-2"
               }
             }
           },
           "results": {
             "channels": [
               {
                 "alternatives": [
                   {
                     "transcript": "Hello. This is example.com. My n
                       ame is Bob. How can I help you? Hi. I'd like
                       to add Fu to my service. Okay. Can you give m
                       e your name and phone number so I can look up
                        your account? My name is Alice, and my numbe
                       r is 123-456-7890. Thank you. Okay. I've adde
                       d 2 to your service. Is there anything else I
                        can help you with? No. Thank you. Goodbye. G
                       oodbye. Have a nice day.",
                     "confidence": 1,
                     "words": [
                       {
                         "word": "hello",
                         "start": 1.1999999,
                         "end": 1.6999999,
                         "confidence": 0.99560547,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4401191,
                         "punctuated_word": "Hello."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "this",
                         "start": 1.92,
                         "end": 2.08,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4401191,
                         "punctuated_word": "This"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "is",
                         "start": 2.08,
                         "end": 2.3999999,
                         "confidence": 0.9892578,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4401191,
                         "punctuated_word": "is"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "example.com",
                         "start": 2.3999999,
                         "end": 2.8999999,
                         "confidence": 0.9326172,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4401191,
                         "punctuated_word": "example.com."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "my",
                         "start": 3.28,
                         "end": 3.4399998,
                         "confidence": 0.99609375,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "My"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "name",
                         "start": 3.4399998,
                         "end": 3.6,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "name"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "is",
                         "start": 3.6,
                         "end": 3.84,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "is"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "bob",
                         "start": 3.84,
                         "end": 4.24,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "Bob."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "how",
                         "start": 4.24,
                         "end": 4.4,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "How"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "can",
                         "start": 4.4,
                         "end": 4.56,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "can"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "i",
                         "start": 4.56,
                         "end": 4.72,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "I"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "help",
                         "start": 4.72,
                         "end": 4.88,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "help"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "you",
                         "start": 4.88,
                         "end": 5.38,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7117348,
                         "punctuated_word": "you?"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "hi",
                         "start": 5.68,
                         "end": 6.18,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "Hi."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "i'd",
                         "start": 6.24,
                         "end": 6.56,
                         "confidence": 0.9416504,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "I'd"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "like",
                         "start": 6.56,
                         "end": 6.7999997,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "like"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "to",
                         "start": 6.7999997,
                         "end": 6.96,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "to"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "add",
                         "start": 6.96,
                         "end": 7.3599997,
                         "confidence": 0.96972656,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "add"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "fu",
                         "start": 7.3599997,
                         "end": 7.68,
                         "confidence": 0.34643555,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "Fu"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "to",
                         "start": 7.68,
                         "end": 7.9199996,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "to"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "my",
                         "start": 7.9199996,
                         "end": 8.08,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "my"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "service",
                         "start": 8.08,
                         "end": 8.58,
                         "confidence": 0.9902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2953244,
                         "punctuated_word": "service."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "okay",
                         "start": 9.12,
                         "end": 9.62,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "Okay."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "can",
                         "start": 10,
                         "end": 10.24,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "Can"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "you",
                         "start": 10.24,
                         "end": 10.4,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "you"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "give",
                         "start": 10.4,
                         "end": 10.639999,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "give"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "me",
                         "start": 10.639999,
                         "end": 10.719999,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "me"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "your",
                         "start": 10.719999,
                         "end": 10.96,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.68893933,
                         "punctuated_word": "your"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "name",
                         "start": 10.96,
                         "end": 11.12,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4418578,
                         "punctuated_word": "name"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "and",
                         "start": 11.12,
                         "end": 11.28,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4418578,
                         "punctuated_word": "and"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "phone",
                         "start": 11.28,
                         "end": 11.5199995,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4418578,
                         "punctuated_word": "phone"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "number",
                         "start": 11.5199995,
                         "end": 11.84,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4418578,
                         "punctuated_word": "number"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "so",
                         "start": 11.84,
                         "end": 12,
                         "confidence": 0.9453125,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.4418578,
                         "punctuated_word": "so"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "i",
                         "start": 12,
                         "end": 12.08,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "I"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "can",
                         "start": 12.08,
                         "end": 12.24,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "can"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "look",
                         "start": 12.24,
                         "end": 12.48,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "look"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "up",
                         "start": 12.48,
                         "end": 12.639999,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "up"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "your",
                         "start": 12.639999,
                         "end": 12.799999,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "your"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "account",
                         "start": 12.799999,
                         "end": 13.299999,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.3258028,
                         "punctuated_word": "account?"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "my",
                         "start": 13.815,
                         "end": 13.974999,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "My"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "name",
                         "start": 13.974999,
                         "end": 14.054999,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "name"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "is",
                         "start": 14.054999,
                         "end": 14.455,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "is"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "alice",
                         "start": 14.455,
                         "end": 14.955,
                         "confidence": 0.97802734,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "Alice,"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "and",
                         "start": 15.094999,
                         "end": 15.335,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "and"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "my",
                         "start": 15.335,
                         "end": 15.495,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "my"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "number",
                         "start": 15.495,
                         "end": 15.8949995,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "number"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "is",
                         "start": 15.8949995,
                         "end": 16.395,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "is"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "123-456-7890",
                         "start": 16.855,
                         "end": 17.355,
                         "confidence": 0.9630999,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.34063697,
                         "punctuated_word": "123-456-7890."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "thank",
                         "start": 20.775,
                         "end": 20.935,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "Thank"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "you",
                         "start": 20.935,
                         "end": 21.435,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "you."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "okay",
                         "start": 23.015,
                         "end": 23.515,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "Okay."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "i've",
                         "start": 24.134874,
                         "end": 24.454874,
                         "confidence": 0.9941406,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "I've"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "added",
                         "start": 24.454874,
                         "end": 24.854876,
                         "confidence": 0.9902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "added"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "2",
                         "start": 24.854876,
                         "end": 25.014875,
                         "confidence": 0.45239258,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.7406098,
                         "punctuated_word": "2"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "to",
                         "start": 25.014875,
                         "end": 25.174875,
                         "confidence": 0.7583008,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "to"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "your",
                         "start": 25.174875,
                         "end": 25.334875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "your"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "service",
                         "start": 25.334875,
                         "end": 25.654875,
                         "confidence": 0.99365234,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "service."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "is",
                         "start": 25.654875,
                         "end": 25.814875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "Is"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "there",
                         "start": 25.814875,
                         "end": 25.974874,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "there"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "anything",
                         "start": 25.974874,
                         "end": 26.294874,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "anything"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "else",
                         "start": 26.294874,
                         "end": 26.534874,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "else"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "i",
                         "start": 26.534874,
                         "end": 26.614876,
                         "confidence": 0.6582031,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.59809494,
                         "punctuated_word": "I"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "can",
                         "start": 26.614876,
                         "end": 26.854874,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2911396,
                         "punctuated_word": "can"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "help",
                         "start": 26.854874,
                         "end": 27.014875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2911396,
                         "punctuated_word": "help"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "you",
                         "start": 27.014875,
                         "end": 27.174875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2911396,
                         "punctuated_word": "you"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "with",
                         "start": 27.174875,
                         "end": 27.674875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2911396,
                         "punctuated_word": "with?"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "no",
                         "start": 28.054874,
                         "end": 28.454874,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.2911396,
                         "punctuated_word": "No."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "thank",
                         "start": 28.454874,
                         "end": 28.774876,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "Thank"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "you",
                         "start": 28.774876,
                         "end": 29.254875,
                         "confidence": 1,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "you."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "goodbye",
                         "start": 29.254875,
                         "end": 29.754875,
                         "confidence": 0.9975586,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "Goodbye."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "goodbye",
                         "start": 30.454874,
                         "end": 30.954874,
                         "confidence": 0.9995117,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "Goodbye."
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "have",
                         "start": 31.014874,
                         "end": 31.254875,
                         "confidence": 0.9980469,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "Have"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "a",
                         "start": 31.254875,
                         "end": 31.334875,
                         "confidence": 0.9970703,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "a"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "nice",
                         "start": 31.334875,
                         "end": 31.654875,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.69196534,
                         "punctuated_word": "nice"
                       },
                       {
                         "word": "day",
                         "start": 31.654875,
                         "end": 32.154877,
                         "confidence": 0.99902344,
                         "speaker": 0,
                         "speaker_confidence": 0.29370594,
                         "punctuated_word": "day."
                       }
                     ],
                     "paragraphs": {
                       "transcript": "\nSpeaker 0: Hello. This is ex
                         ample.com. My name is Bob. How can I help y
                         ou? Hi.\n\nI'd like to add Fu to my service
                         . Okay. Can you give me your name and phone
                          number so I can look up your account? My n
                         ame is Alice, and my number is 123-456-7890
                         . Thank you.\n\nOkay. I've added 2 to your
                         service. Is there anything else I can help
                         you with? No. Thank you.\n\nGoodbye. Goodby
                         e. Have a nice day.",
                       "paragraphs": [
                         {
                           "sentences": [
                             {
                               "text": "Hello.",
                               "start": 1.1999999,
                               "end": 1.6999999
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "This is example.com.",
                               "start": 1.92,
                               "end": 2.8999999
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "My name is Bob.",
                               "start": 3.28,
                               "end": 4.24
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "How can I help you?",
                               "start": 4.24,
                               "end": 5.38
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Hi.",
                               "start": 5.68,
                               "end": 6.18
                             }
                           ],
                           "speaker": 0,
                           "num_words": 14,
                           "start": 1.1999999,
                           "end": 6.18
                         },
                         {
                           "sentences": [
                             {
                               "text": "I'd like to add Fu to my ser
                                 vice.",
                               "start": 6.24,
                               "end": 8.58
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Okay.",
                               "start": 9.12,
                               "end": 9.62
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Can you give me your name an
                                 d phone number so I can look up you
                                 r account?",
                               "start": 10,
                               "end": 13.299999
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "My name is Alice, and my num
                                 ber is 123-456-7890.",
                               "start": 13.815,
                               "end": 17.355
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Thank you.",
                               "start": 20.775,
                               "end": 21.435
                             }
                           ],
                           "speaker": 0,
                           "num_words": 36,
                           "start": 6.24,
                           "end": 21.435
                         },
                         {
                           "sentences": [
                             {
                               "text": "Okay.",
                               "start": 23.015,
                               "end": 23.515
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "I've added 2 to your service
                                 .",
                               "start": 24.134874,
                               "end": 25.654875
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Is there anything else I can
                                  help you with?",
                               "start": 25.654875,
                               "end": 27.674875
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "No.",
                               "start": 28.054874,
                               "end": 28.454874
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Thank you.",
                               "start": 28.454874,
                               "end": 29.254875
                             }
                           ],
                           "speaker": 0,
                           "num_words": 19,
                           "start": 23.015,
                           "end": 29.254875
                         },
                         {
                           "sentences": [
                             {
                               "text": "Goodbye.",
                               "start": 29.254875,
                               "end": 29.754875
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Goodbye.",
                               "start": 30.454874,
                               "end": 30.954874
                             },
                             {
                               "text": "Have a nice day.",
                               "start": 31.014874,
                               "end": 32.154877
                             }
                           ],
                           "speaker": 0,
                           "num_words": 6,
                           "start": 29.254875,
                           "end": 32.154877
                         }
                       ]
                     }
                   }
                 ]
               }
             ]
           }
         },
         "encoding": "json",
         "vendor": "deepgram",
         "schema": "deepgram_prerecorded",
         "product": "transcription"
       }
     ],
     "attachments": [],
     "uuid": "01928d46-fd43-8c6b-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
   }

B.7.  Signed vCon

   This example vCon is the signed form of the Two Party Call vCon With
   Externally Referenced Recording (Appendix B.5) example.  The private
   key used to sign this can be found at:

 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vcon-dev/vcon/main/certs/fake_grp.key

   The certificate chain is included in the x5c parameter of the header
   Object.

   {
     "payload": "eyJ2Y29uIjoiMC4wLjEiLCJwYXJ0aWVzIjpbeyJ0ZWwiOiIrMTI
       zNDU2Nzg5MDEiLCJuYW1lIjoiQWxpY2UifSx7InRlbCI6IisxOTg3NjU0MzIx
       MCIsIm5hbWUiOiJCb2IifV0sImRpYWxvZyI6W3sidHlwZSI6InJlY29yZGluZ
       yIsInN0YXJ0IjoiMjAyMi0wNi0yMVQxNzo1MzoyNi4wMDArMDA6MDAiLCJkdX
       JhdGlvbiI6MzMuMTIsInBhcnRpZXMiOlswLDFdLCJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2d
       pdGh1Yi5jb20vaWV0Zi13Zy12Y29uL2RyYWZ0LWlldGYtdmNvbi12Y29uLWNv
       bnRhaW5lci9yYXcvcmVmcy9oZWFkcy9tYWluL2V4YW1wbGVzL2FiX2NhbGwub
       XAzIiwibWltZXR5cGUiOiJhdWRpby94LW1wMyIsImZpbGVuYW1lIjoiYWJfY2
       FsbC5tcDMiLCJzaWduYXR1cmUiOiJHTHk2SVBhSVVNMUdxelpxZklQWmxXamF
       Ec05nTnZaTTBpQ09OTlRobkgwYTc1ZmhVTTZjWXpMWjVHeW5TVVJSRXZad21P
       aDU0LTJsUlJpZXlqODJVUSIsImFsZyI6IlNIQS01MTIifV0sImFuYWx5c2lzI
       jpbXSwiYXR0YWNobWVudHMiOltdLCJ1dWlkIjoiMDE5MjhkNDYtZmQ0My04Yz
       ZiLWI5YTItMjc5ZTBkMTZiYzQ2In0",
     "signatures": [
       {
         "header": {
           "x5c": [
             "MIID0TCCArkCAQEwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQAwgasxCzAJBgNVBAYTAl
               VTMQswCQYDVQQIDAJNQTERMA8GA1UEBwwIRmFrZXRvd24xETAPBgN
               VBAoMCEZha2VWY29uMREwDwYDVQQLDAhEaXZpc2lvbjEYMBYGA1UE
               AwwPZGl2LmZha2V2Y29uLmlvMSEwHwYJKoZIhvcNAQkBFhJhZG1pb
               kBmYWtldmNvbi5vcmcxGTAXBgNVHREMEGRpdi5mYWtldmNvbi5vcm
               cwHhcNMjIwNjA0MDE0MzI1WhcNMzIwNjAxMDE0MzI1WjCBsDELMAk
               GA1UEBhMCVVMxCzAJBgNVBAgMAk1BMREwDwYDVQQHDAhGYWtldG93
               bjERMA8GA1UECgwIRmFrZVZjb24xDjAMBgNVBAsMBUdyb3VwMRwwG
               gYDVQQDDBNncnAuZGl2LmZha2V2Y29uLmlvMSEwHwYJKoZIhvcNAQ
               kBFhJhZG1pbkBmYWtldmNvbi5vcmcxHTAbBgNVHREMFGdycC5kaXY
               uZmFrZXZjb24ub3JnMIIBIjANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQEFAAOCAQ8AMIIB
               CgKCAQEAtMtTCxeIROb1FmWIexe7Op95qYIVNEqn+fDghxWqoYm6T
               75BGsl4rB9txFQeef3Q5SJIzeqffJDssXDsyREuwQ2iTcOrZaZxs8
               h1NX9NjVD6MMAwx7tw0Cgmu8rj6+/Kjs0KI8OzCuDXZGTGf/bH6EQ
               W85qYh9IF0Pvijf3uq+HCke6WApusx76LpUp36IzvYEuTbWBFeoLo
               +dyUdWmXpj0ghHiWZtT5zxJn9VrUhJX5KlaI0palWd0fOnr7mkdq7
               9sFsKjEOcr1lanceAicCpD3/zRW+7AS8atGKAMfe2CcXEABucI7Dt
               tLMXcDIJM6EOkyW7n4due1RXGuNgnjeQIDAQABMA0GCSqGSIb3DQE
               BCwUAA4IBAQAQLjhKomSx1OqThhcO+aK0rzX6RjKh0eM0X7O7pPC8
               1HxZKCDLhDvnUO9++17U6ba0bTnznKYKKG7HnDcB4dKBbH8XP2u3E
               nDskyoMrKpYRsRKwwJa8+RwOS7JEg+OtXYCRbWZvPjAC/z6o6OZK+
               QPTyK5Grw2Px2mTr6BAdBQv7XsYWBRwOZyvSGnKyK60jcPlYUnu6Q
               t0fYXiYp6qF5l956fuT0d2UyDkM7S/Z7K+OC9+aIBNKH32B3nfXqZ
               PuP8WuiTOxcMwnefPwjxaqndFUkyk2Y+i6nXU8oN/DGUOTfY4xbm3
               s3q7Dq5QPtq5kljB9yYkvcOULCSAmWBZl+G",
             "MIIEyTCCArECAQEwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQELBQAwgagxCzAJBgNVBAYTAl
               VTMQswCQYDVQQIDAJNQTERMA8GA1UEBwwIRmFrZXRvd24xFTATBgN
               VBAoMDEZha2VWY29uIEluYzESMBAGA1UECwwJQ29ycG9yYXRlMRQw
               EgYDVQQDDAtmYWtldmNvbi5pbzEhMB8GCSqGSIb3DQEJARYSYWRta
               W5AZmFrZXZjb24ub3JnMRUwEwYDVR0RDAxmYWtldmNvbi5vcmcwHh
               cNMjIwNTI5MjEzOTMxWhcNMzIwNTI2MjEzOTMxWjCBqzELMAkGA1U
               EBhMCVVMxCzAJBgNVBAgMAk1BMREwDwYDVQQHDAhGYWtldG93bjER
               MA8GA1UECgwIRmFrZVZjb24xETAPBgNVBAsMCERpdmlzaW9uMRgwF
               gYDVQQDDA9kaXYuZmFrZXZjb24uaW8xITAfBgkqhkiG9w0BCQEWEm
               FkbWluQGZha2V2Y29uLm9yZzEZMBcGA1UdEQwQZGl2LmZha2V2Y29
               uLm9yZzCCASIwDQYJKoZIhvcNAQEBBQADggEPADCCAQoCggEBAM81
               SKie1S78VAOBDc3LflYNSL9phecmjQs/9P+iqDXSVm3xpoqszGoLn
               7w21aUAxl++F9Z80Tc70URn2qqUcVTYcx3SmgHuYgspEmJsMRor/m
               n3HpHr2ajh+26RKgDGPBrtebeH1si8mX15a/ICzHxrUaE2Y/6DZ/2
               wGTXrAE4bYAOUaYft5GGSZl6yP6dXg3EJy2bK2cUTdMIZG/Y7Ny1D
               3N4V7MBirDd5FU7k6pMbyr3d/xoi8VL8F1mRCf6zxfFOjaMFT0atE
               iTp3M0rw6iS08hy0cDFsPJzIcPgXEitUgGPo/NLgeb8ZmL1kg9B2v
               MgaanbuZB6il79A4GgDIUCAwEAATANBgkqhkiG9w0BAQsFAAOCAgE
               AWOJJlvSQDsDROQZNdX3kMkAH3HYyAlE7LHNtIYHVhyt7I7WuqS6Z
               GvSoxSfkT0GdAN7cV+jchdZpAnpCXGX+yHuSvrw4oSqigdSLeSUMx
               2zaSv4wLAvydC/zDkHIRObyuDEKyy/pa4Na0aunPU3E1Bg0V+JqQ3
               RUJIy1v6AGLrliwaEIgP3Clzi/u640dWBHabOEjxFj9bX73+FRWhi
               t4EzOJYKvti1EXlmRjMbj3SmsrcbGMrpu4WipEG5S05VlMhXXSyQq
               9IScFho5CFtamDgI3jL49lyrx0+CcjDkw0nW9fXdAtB3BhSYEXdLu
               JAvLRQixUQFwH23doumPi1uW8euEhHTRo1pEFWQ5U59NOTUA5Ghuu
               po0aM2CnDD5Re8uO3ChilCUb0FlwgMD/7ABSd1LChU8iluhKy9CEB
               R2zc8uTqW43Gcv/psBaejgOKJlxZuusGVvuV1nTHRa4hmFYxxPel7
               ogeZzGQqFjBlb35CE+BcGYY0ViaHefy+fmi/fN6NrrN6pBOPjVZbp
               CFn+wFTUyrMU5Vq/FaPe0us7i3paQcwIz9wyide5OztpxebY8UnXm
               y22X+6PkHB0jnL35Qe8xl7Z0nMZNdy4xkzGgaa6talRDPhKkY1lId
               w+KdCXJuUc7rkLKa5po9SPdvVLhEPu26SHkI0I+d5hz+gMp8=",
             "MIIGMzCCBBugAwIBAgIUHk/6QbzjDZ9AONAFvwYJqB/jbvowDQYJKo
               ZIhvcNAQELBQAwgagxCzAJBgNVBAYTAlVTMQswCQYDVQQIDAJNQTE
               RMA8GA1UEBwwIRmFrZXRvd24xFTATBgNVBAoMDEZha2VWY29uIElu
               YzESMBAGA1UECwwJQ29ycG9yYXRlMRQwEgYDVQQDDAtmYWtldmNvb
               i5pbzEhMB8GCSqGSIb3DQEJARYSYWRtaW5AZmFrZXZjb24ub3JnMR
               UwEwYDVR0RDAxmYWtldmNvbi5vcmcwHhcNMjIwNTI5MjEzOTMxWhc
               NMzIwNTI2MjEzOTMxWjCBqDELMAkGA1UEBhMCVVMxCzAJBgNVBAgM
               Ak1BMREwDwYDVQQHDAhGYWtldG93bjEVMBMGA1UECgwMRmFrZVZjb
               24gSW5jMRIwEAYDVQQLDAlDb3Jwb3JhdGUxFDASBgNVBAMMC2Zha2
               V2Y29uLmlvMSEwHwYJKoZIhvcNAQkBFhJhZG1pbkBmYWtldmNvbi5
               vcmcxFTATBgNVHREMDGZha2V2Y29uLm9yZzCCAiIwDQYJKoZIhvcN
               AQEBBQADggIPADCCAgoCggIBAMIeaqkm8pn6mwUzWBgnQiY9Jr3Vy
               VamxBc9/duT8eCN9mmANGzX5zGj86KtGjlDcoAzANrtsr2Dpz4zra
               29HWbwbOa1ZTOOaR93QgifkS802zp+zHGGRaKlq3euDqDVzyXinhs
               vXOVlEwkOrAvV6kUcTIzcxVibrFfHttzv/hXUNxjCouAE7MIG6wO8
               y+E2bBkg7R5ydfeU4Q9npBefwtiQ8oWf0C46mDYFQ8l31goae17Vp
               iyS3t4h5HL+1yqdYJSWms5Qh0vp9req5AjwuHIDBxNLpO2gY1SQmS
               dO03oLcZwBglGKlpQSwYgr9J5uo2B+NV9aYKEO51bySinSF8T4D/o
               4cq6oyJLXBwmSsLbjjVIQBoSdRBmWh8zE2ZzFNaaBlYO9ikIaWXwb
               tkbsE+4QpOaOj/kUIHLFI9iOhOidsInaOfgYzw12FtGE1Wq5x5Xsz
               wWpPWU8NQw8gzTzFzVObxrfcsXrs0s6feuTCDMt5Zht2HCWFr9TmY
               DFAfOB05kFWTi5sE5KYaP54iJvjAFmuTDjlif7Z8ZWVal9XB+g3sM
               yQ8DVEj/0dXS+nRVuJQlUH4ql9SUIwK63RKdedALYC6X1j2lgK9aT
               uL+cyNJ5SbuNA95CxNgvWtBrcO6HxlbmIDxKrAAo5aj4hnlQcY4RR
               bNwppCAjK+zcASlpyvRAgMBAAGjUzBRMB0GA1UdDgQWBBSSDtfqU6
               +DEyYPCar08yVnnZSFzTAfBgNVHSMEGDAWgBSSDtfqU6+DEyYPCar
               08yVnnZSFzTAPBgNVHRMBAf8EBTADAQH/MA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUA
               A4ICAQC8JDxTdmc86YFdKElWQnWxoPMsPeRyDYQoVTC2wydZsdJ5d
               GbkAhYlPPxK+zypP18fGry5PHAHl9mZYz+FdGjNTwllcfN9/G0Sdo
               y4kU9eN9KfC9OUIkBIq8D0r7ANT3l3XmGbnIxWJEtb0SyTcqk3dwW
               cNTqGguhQ03jUKW5yUpVoQjN4TtmHyweoYTNi+HKsCUvEXGdA9wdh
               4jVOqYeepmsax5eTUJsKuCKqQ3+xB7JONw85imfVotySCXsoMe7lu
               SRYuldn8SBIpKYUGJlpWIi6Gr0mLwHarrYoi9bwtcKAxRNXZiGQgh
               iUw2Zsw+jmgBrEtI4Iarg8wWqJ5Mov7MsTVpnoZ5Xywr0GznDlgcN
               tyqMibOULeM8yLPQrHn/tQjSiP3eUPz6+Zb9FqzQJCCi2UiauD4mO
               gzBSCCbew9PDYb2QeMZqNZmN3eVNMV4hh7t9jTc0zqPF5jluddVmp
               dHxLx/T9XZuSV21p8clNprJNQxprtHpxDxjhNMIrcV39rzi9tNikw
               mzRMf0r40f/JWnaV668sekDXtvIj8pZwyE4FNuaiJwojkQxDfjqk6
               7Qs5NUQsFcaIwMes8It74ASHm8DUKEhDT2ASgMtUDwKWrOBefrSPq
               jY7+EMh2yVZnQhMwpx4s7CH0za32Yq+KC8GotHdI6jisDEom7aHgl
               g=="
           ],
           "alg": "RS256",
           "uuid": "01928d46-fd43-8c6b-b9a2-279e0d16bc46"
         },
         "signature": "AxZzOJI0jdDp2gVXDg5iasQvac0wUj5Eh1pzolvxeausy
           L51UhKDKKguzT6DJ9BrJf8kYUhQvr6B6FNJ6CDSq-Z84Oo4FCUK1vflGz
           eDnwUvX97HM19-L3L2sQykuDNRi8ssTUVoaV51rLdvhsqfvTOUD6MIdxX
           4gE_iLv0BxFK1pKdaYISeDfO31cXN8vQYnVfxgLwHVvnhRnTKdBqwSWO5
           _PiQXsDAcQYEDxWQ92VWI40SvWmRGEDXOVVX5dMDc4DnrtQG4cwPYO89f
           0LAcitUXVjNFZj15k6Ha5tZtdKw8-RLd9WbvICB9F_D2KMAkMLfmZjyXm
           JU9TTWwLULuw",
         "protected": "eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCIsIng1YyI6W
           yJNSUlEMFRDQ0Fya0NBUUV3RFFZSktvWklodmNOQVFFTEJRQXdnYXN4Q3
           pBSkJnTlZCQVlUQWxWVE1Rc3dDUVlEVlFRSURBSk5RVEVSTUE4R0ExVUV
           Cd3dJUm1GclpYUnZkMjR4RVRBUEJnTlZCQW9NQ0VaaGEyVldZMjl1TVJF
           d0R3WURWUVFMREFoRWFYWnBjMmx2YmpFWU1CWUdBMVVFQXd3UFpHbDJMb
           VpoYTJWMlkyOXVMbWx2TVNFd0h3WUpLb1pJaHZjTkFRa0JGaEpoWkcxcG
           JrQm1ZV3RsZG1OdmJpNXZjbWN4R1RBWEJnTlZIUkVNRUdScGRpNW1ZV3R
           sZG1OdmJpNXZjbWN3SGhjTk1qSXdOakEwTURFME16STFXaGNOTXpJd05q
           QXhNREUwTXpJMVdqQ0JzREVMTUFrR0ExVUVCaE1DVlZNeEN6QUpCZ05WQ
           kFnTUFrMUJNUkV3RHdZRFZRUUhEQWhHWVd0bGRHOTNiakVSTUE4R0ExVU
           VDZ3dJUm1GclpWWmpiMjR4RGpBTUJnTlZCQXNNQlVkeWIzVndNUnd3R2d
           ZRFZRUUREQk5uY25BdVpHbDJMbVpoYTJWMlkyOXVMbWx2TVNFd0h3WUpL
           b1pJaHZjTkFRa0JGaEpoWkcxcGJrQm1ZV3RsZG1OdmJpNXZjbWN4SFRBY
           kJnTlZIUkVNRkdkeWNDNWthWFl1Wm1GclpYWmpiMjR1YjNKbk1JSUJJak
           FOQmdrcWhraUc5dzBCQVFFRkFBT0NBUThBTUlJQkNnS0NBUUVBdE10VEN
           4ZUlST2IxRm1XSWV4ZTdPcDk1cVlJVk5FcW4rZkRnaHhXcW9ZbTZUNzVC
           R3NsNHJCOXR4RlFlZWYzUTVTSkl6ZXFmZkpEc3NYRHN5UkV1d1EyaVRjT
           3JaYVp4czhoMU5YOU5qVkQ2TU1Bd3g3dHcwQ2dtdThyajYrL0tqczBLST
           hPekN1RFhaR1RHZi9iSDZFUVc4NXFZaDlJRjBQdmlqZjN1cStIQ2tlNld
           BcHVzeDc2THBVcDM2SXp2WUV1VGJXQkZlb0xvK2R5VWRXbVhwajBnaEhp
           V1p0VDV6eEpuOVZyVWhKWDVLbGFJMHBhbFdkMGZPbnI3bWtkcTc5c0ZzS
           2pFT2NyMWxhbmNlQWljQ3BEMy96UlcrN0FTOGF0R0tBTWZlMkNjWEVBQn
           VjSTdEdHRMTVhjRElKTTZFT2t5VzduNGR1ZTFSWEd1TmduamVRSURBUUF
           CTUEwR0NTcUdTSWIzRFFFQkN3VUFBNElCQVFBUUxqaEtvbVN4MU9xVGho
           Y08rYUswcnpYNlJqS2gwZU0wWDdPN3BQQzgxSHhaS0NETGhEdm5VTzkrK
           zE3VTZiYTBiVG56bktZS0tHN0huRGNCNGRLQmJIOFhQMnUzRW5Ec2t5b0
           1yS3BZUnNSS3d3SmE4K1J3T1M3SkVnK090WFlDUmJXWnZQakFDL3o2bzZ
           PWksrUVBUeUs1R3J3MlB4Mm1UcjZCQWRCUXY3WHNZV0JSd09aeXZTR25L
           eUs2MGpjUGxZVW51NlF0MGZZWGlZcDZxRjVsOTU2ZnVUMGQyVXlEa003U
           y9aN0srT0M5K2FJQk5LSDMyQjNuZlhxWlB1UDhXdWlUT3hjTXduZWZQd2
           p4YXFuZEZVa3lrMlkraTZuWFU4b04vREdVT1RmWTR4Ym0zczNxN0RxNVF
           QdHE1a2xqQjl5WWt2Y09VTENTQW1XQlpsK0ciLCJNSUlFeVRDQ0FyRUNB
           UUV3RFFZSktvWklodmNOQVFFTEJRQXdnYWd4Q3pBSkJnTlZCQVlUQWxWV
           E1Rc3dDUVlEVlFRSURBSk5RVEVSTUE4R0ExVUVCd3dJUm1GclpYUnZkMj
           R4RlRBVEJnTlZCQW9NREVaaGEyVldZMjl1SUVsdVl6RVNNQkFHQTFVRUN
           3d0pRMjl5Y0c5eVlYUmxNUlF3RWdZRFZRUUREQXRtWVd0bGRtTnZiaTVw
           YnpFaE1COEdDU3FHU0liM0RRRUpBUllTWVdSdGFXNUFabUZyWlhaamIyN
           HViM0puTVJVd0V3WURWUjBSREF4bVlXdGxkbU52Ymk1dmNtY3dIaGNOTW
           pJd05USTVNakV6T1RNeFdoY05Nekl3TlRJMk1qRXpPVE14V2pDQnF6RUx
           NQWtHQTFVRUJoTUNWVk14Q3pBSkJnTlZCQWdNQWsxQk1SRXdEd1lEVlFR
           SERBaEdZV3RsZEc5M2JqRVJNQThHQTFVRUNnd0lSbUZyWlZaamIyNHhFV
           EFQQmdOVkJBc01DRVJwZG1semFXOXVNUmd3RmdZRFZRUUREQTlrYVhZdV
           ptRnJaWFpqYjI0dWFXOHhJVEFmQmdrcWhraUc5dzBCQ1FFV0VtRmtiV2x
           1UUdaaGEyVjJZMjl1TG05eVp6RVpNQmNHQTFVZEVRd1FaR2wyTG1aaGEy
           VjJZMjl1TG05eVp6Q0NBU0l3RFFZSktvWklodmNOQVFFQkJRQURnZ0VQQ
           URDQ0FRb0NnZ0VCQU04MVNLaWUxUzc4VkFPQkRjM0xmbFlOU0w5cGhlY2
           1qUXMvOVAraXFEWFNWbTN4cG9xc3pHb0xuN3cyMWFVQXhsKytGOVo4MFR
           jNzBVUm4ycXFVY1ZUWWN4M1NtZ0h1WWdzcEVtSnNNUm9yL21uM0hwSHIy
           YWpoKzI2UktnREdQQnJ0ZWJlSDFzaThtWDE1YS9JQ3pIeHJVYUUyWS82R
           FovMndHVFhyQUU0YllBT1VhWWZ0NUdHU1psNnlQNmRYZzNFSnkyYksyY1
           VUZE1JWkcvWTdOeTFEM040VjdNQmlyRGQ1RlU3azZwTWJ5cjNkL3hvaTh
           WTDhGMW1SQ2Y2enhmRk9qYU1GVDBhdEVpVHAzTTBydzZpUzA4aHkwY0RG
           c1BKekljUGdYRWl0VWdHUG8vTkxnZWI4Wm1MMWtnOUIydk1nYWFuYnVaQ
           jZpbDc5QTRHZ0RJVUNBd0VBQVRBTkJna3Foa2lHOXcwQkFRc0ZBQU9DQW
           dFQVdPSkpsdlNRRHNEUk9RWk5kWDNrTWtBSDNIWXlBbEU3TEhOdElZSFZ
           oeXQ3STdXdXFTNlpHdlNveFNma1QwR2RBTjdjVitqY2hkWnBBbnBDWEdY
           K3lIdVN2cnc0b1NxaWdkU0xlU1VNeDJ6YVN2NHdMQXZ5ZEMvekRrSElST
           2J5dURFS3l5L3BhNE5hMGF1blBVM0UxQmcwVitKcVEzUlVKSXkxdjZBR0
           xybGl3YUVJZ1AzQ2x6aS91NjQwZFdCSGFiT0VqeEZqOWJYNzMrRlJXaGl
           0NEV6T0pZS3Z0aTFFWGxtUmpNYmozU21zcmNiR01ycHU0V2lwRUc1UzA1
           VmxNaFhYU3lRcTlJU2NGaG81Q0Z0YW1EZ0kzakw0OWx5cngwK0NjakRrd
           zBuVzlmWGRBdEIzQmhTWUVYZEx1SkF2TFJRaXhVUUZ3SDIzZG91bVBpMX
           VXOGV1RWhIVFJvMXBFRldRNVU1OU5PVFVBNUdodXVwbzBhTTJDbkRENVJ
           lOHVPM0NoaWxDVWIwRmx3Z01ELzdBQlNkMUxDaFU4aWx1aEt5OUNFQlIy
           emM4dVRxVzQzR2N2L3BzQmFlamdPS0pseFp1dXNHVnZ1VjFuVEhSYTRob
           UZZeHhQZWw3b2dlWnpHUXFGakJsYjM1Q0UrQmNHWVkwVmlhSGVmeStmbW
           kvZk42TnJyTjZwQk9QalZaYnBDRm4rd0ZUVXlyTVU1VnEvRmFQZTB1czd
           pM3BhUWN3SXo5d3lpZGU1T3p0cHhlYlk4VW5YbXkyMlgrNlBrSEIwam5M
           MzVRZTh4bDdaMG5NWk5keTR4a3pHZ2FhNnRhbFJEUGhLa1kxbElkdytLZ
           ENYSnVVYzdya0xLYTVwbzlTUGR2VkxoRVB1MjZTSGtJMEkrZDVoeitnTX
           A4PSIsIk1JSUdNekNDQkJ1Z0F3SUJBZ0lVSGsvNlFiempEWjlBT05BRnZ
           3WUpxQi9qYnZvd0RRWUpLb1pJaHZjTkFRRUxCUUF3Z2FneEN6QUpCZ05W
           QkFZVEFsVlRNUXN3Q1FZRFZRUUlEQUpOUVRFUk1BOEdBMVVFQnd3SVJtR
           nJaWFJ2ZDI0eEZUQVRCZ05WQkFvTURFWmhhMlZXWTI5dUlFbHVZekVTTU
           JBR0ExVUVDd3dKUTI5eWNHOXlZWFJsTVJRd0VnWURWUVFEREF0bVlXdGx
           kbU52Ymk1cGJ6RWhNQjhHQ1NxR1NJYjNEUUVKQVJZU1lXUnRhVzVBWm1G
           clpYWmpiMjR1YjNKbk1SVXdFd1lEVlIwUkRBeG1ZV3RsZG1OdmJpNXZjb
           WN3SGhjTk1qSXdOVEk1TWpFek9UTXhXaGNOTXpJd05USTJNakV6T1RNeF
           dqQ0JxREVMTUFrR0ExVUVCaE1DVlZNeEN6QUpCZ05WQkFnTUFrMUJNUkV
           3RHdZRFZRUUhEQWhHWVd0bGRHOTNiakVWTUJNR0ExVUVDZ3dNUm1GclpW
           WmpiMjRnU1c1ak1SSXdFQVlEVlFRTERBbERiM0p3YjNKaGRHVXhGREFTQ
           mdOVkJBTU1DMlpoYTJWMlkyOXVMbWx2TVNFd0h3WUpLb1pJaHZjTkFRa0
           JGaEpoWkcxcGJrQm1ZV3RsZG1OdmJpNXZjbWN4RlRBVEJnTlZIUkVNREd
           aaGEyVjJZMjl1TG05eVp6Q0NBaUl3RFFZSktvWklodmNOQVFFQkJRQURn
           Z0lQQURDQ0Fnb0NnZ0lCQU1JZWFxa204cG42bXdVeldCZ25RaVk5SnIzV
           nlWYW14QmM5L2R1VDhlQ045bW1BTkd6WDV6R2o4Nkt0R2psRGNvQXpBTn
           J0c3IyRHB6NHpyYTI5SFdid2JPYTFaVE9PYVI5M1FnaWZrUzgwMnpwK3p
           IR0dSYUtscTNldURxRFZ6eVhpbmhzdlhPVmxFd2tPckF2VjZrVWNUSXpj
           eFZpYnJGZkh0dHp2L2hYVU54akNvdUFFN01JRzZ3Tzh5K0UyYkJrZzdSN
           XlkZmVVNFE5bnBCZWZ3dGlROG9XZjBDNDZtRFlGUThsMzFnb2FlMTdWcG
           l5UzN0NGg1SEwrMXlxZFlKU1dtczVRaDB2cDlyZXE1QWp3dUhJREJ4Tkx
           wTzJnWTFTUW1TZE8wM29MY1p3QmdsR0tscFFTd1lncjlKNXVvMkIrTlY5
           YVlLRU81MWJ5U2luU0Y4VDREL280Y3E2b3lKTFhCd21Tc0xiampWSVFCb
           1NkUkJtV2g4ekUyWnpGTmFhQmxZTzlpa0lhV1h3YnRrYnNFKzRRcE9hT2
           ova1VJSExGSTlpT2hPaWRzSW5hT2ZnWXp3MTJGdEdFMVdxNXg1WHN6d1d
           wUFdVOE5RdzhnelR6RnpWT2J4cmZjc1hyczBzNmZldVRDRE10NVpodDJI
           Q1dGcjlUbVlERkFmT0IwNWtGV1RpNXNFNUtZYVA1NGlKdmpBRm11VERqb
           GlmN1o4WldWYWw5WEIrZzNzTXlROERWRWovMGRYUytuUlZ1SlFsVUg0cW
           w5U1VJd0s2M1JLZGVkQUxZQzZYMWoybGdLOWFUdUwrY3lOSjVTYnVOQTk
           1Q3hOZ3ZXdEJyY082SHhsYm1JRHhLckFBbzVhajRobmxRY1k0UlJiTndw
           cENBaksremNBU2xweXZSQWdNQkFBR2pVekJSTUIwR0ExVWREZ1FXQkJTU
           0R0ZnFVNitERXlZUENhcjA4eVZublpTRnpUQWZCZ05WSFNNRUdEQVdnQl
           NTRHRmcVU2K0RFeVlQQ2FyMDh5Vm5uWlNGelRBUEJnTlZIUk1CQWY4RUJ
           UQURBUUgvTUEwR0NTcUdTSWIzRFFFQkN3VUFBNElDQVFDOEpEeFRkbWM4
           NllGZEtFbFdRbld4b1BNc1BlUnlEWVFvVlRDMnd5ZFpzZEo1ZEdia0FoW
           WxQUHhLK3p5cFAxOGZHcnk1UEhBSGw5bVpZeitGZEdqTlR3bGxjZk45L0
           cwU2RveTRrVTllTjlLZkM5T1VJa0JJcThEMHI3QU5UM2wzWG1HYm5JeFd
           KRXRiMFN5VGNxazNkd1djTlRxR2d1aFEwM2pVS1c1eVVwVm9Rak40VHRt
           SHl3ZW9ZVE5pK0hLc0NVdkVYR2RBOXdkaDRqVk9xWWVlcG1zYXg1ZVRVS
           nNLdUNLcVEzK3hCN0pPTnc4NWltZlZvdHlTQ1hzb01lN2x1U1JZdWxkbj
           hTQklwS1lVR0pscFdJaTZHcjBtTHdIYXJyWW9pOWJ3dGNLQXhSTlhaaUd
           RZ2hpVXcyWnN3K2ptZ0JyRXRJNElhcmc4d1dxSjVNb3Y3TXNUVnBub1o1
           WHl3cjBHem5EbGdjTnR5cU1pYk9VTGVNOHlMUFFySG4vdFFqU2lQM2VVU
           Ho2K1piOUZxelFKQ0NpMlVpYXVENG1PZ3pCU0NDYmV3OVBEWWIyUWVNWn
           FOWm1OM2VWTk1WNGhoN3Q5alRjMHpxUEY1amx1ZGRWbXBkSHhMeC9UOVh
           adVNWMjFwOGNsTnBySk5ReHBydEhweER4amhOTUlyY1YzOXJ6aTl0Tmlr
           d216Uk1mMHI0MGYvSlduYVY2NjhzZWtEWHR2SWo4cFp3eUU0Rk51YWlKd
           29qa1F4RGZqcWs2N1FzNU5VUXNGY2FJd01lczhJdDc0QVNIbThEVUtFaE
           RUMkFTZ010VUR3S1dyT0JlZnJTUHFqWTcrRU1oMnlWWm5RaE13cHg0czd
           DSDB6YTMyWXErS0M4R290SGRJNmppc0RFb203YUhnbGc9PSJdfQ"
       }
     ]
   }

B.8.  Encrypted vCon

   This example vCon is the encrypted form of the Signed vCon
   (Appendix B.7) example.  The private key to decrypt it can be found
   at:

 https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vcon-dev/vcon/main/certs/fake_grp.key

   {
     "protected": "eyJhbGciOiJSU0EtT0FFUCIsImVuYyI6IkEyNTZDQkMtSFM1M
       TIifQ",
     "iv": "Cv7zMf2PBJ2EE9HbDGxHjA",
     "ciphertext": "XFFfpREiVZc1_f74cYpM7qIDqyZdGnZWEnbhRg_QRUqz569M
       nvUiRYZN1qZCCJl_gU2ql44bCSz-lPy47OSw7eWXo051ALOTyA3BMvCQacg3s
       waMtNQE6rWUdbfVpOjh5D3PfwNhc_Y9PwJAjqT3verMjq4cRQhPkT0JO8w4h9
       YnhK6KiAeVaUccMVscamxL6dp11iv6tPvAy_OZbbdZsqrTE6SAGZaedJtcxdG
       8eJGtU8_jNzzm3Dk3rQgwnnkysqCAPdULYuKuvqHbdWjzLOsvhtJ8NLqZXixa
       Tsw0D51HAlSo0WpaL_A5nDFRulBW2TETR--MP6XkyXV7rQMza7jLQALKlpfzO
       EzAlr4Rcoize4aV7F47zdV8g5XyhEjKMGOxfQ-fSVtF_ceRVbgWGbVk-XgCZs
       DqoGeXXj2c6AjNCdDo7i_swdFQ-y7NwNUBHAGNDl58zQzq4QJeCSjvoycbDcv
       o7mURZr3cbPCTvCv9zIsCx7SBh3Bk99pSa73R9g3KGxgMSr0O-xnKfIi3bzso
       EP5BczlamzLsRZ1sgCAhHXQSK7DoxSe3jOpEHzgNQQZf7dw4ubi3-CHq3jhMp
       h2kcmDck9odJ2KbgVJ9JYXFKxB9EgMv8ti4HEq68YCZnbj4TfP8SczsS_-c9Q
       _fzmll01_qaaMoZ2DV3bBq80Sy0nuY28677uKwA9PF3qt4zxJazmfmyddzjfo
       if1IuGIHj7fyYWFAYEIdddw38wgCR26k5YEoVOQlTeZEUd7_90ungYDFXq19x
       fqcPTifJDaUTVyiumfck35JSUuF5J2kVCR-yjZ395hwXZH0E-DJZheQxtoO1d
       kmOBPdmKVR-nAOjg3yXm3KBjUKF4gufws7yUX-f5tlIlct2zSjQfNXRTWanae
       pNdRW0SfLn72KazQfCJE8y3fiyJnNqXrnpFJUJa7B_Jkg3OOyKwQeGror7QIL
       Pkrs4h0VapdeBE7rwFbMPyrMa8l20_xewauOCoxFb4_1LBnX9ZFQfhR3fEhFd
       srfSWV0zXkZjd-g9jSWWqdLnFxOQsfujDcZcBzOwfSJFz60D-jIM2mAn586n6
       fbqapc1K7xdSgHF1-rPdMEMwSqcfA7BdysMP0c8WZX6VWcKfJLjNI1-Q_kLNC
       _nymhRIIhhBHkqppFiLvhxduXf1uTLMlCOuwjpqvjXnCbKfTLZ9UtmMzA3xQl
       aEB4G0Ho-HItNo5GgBCwwY1ds2nQj7eS9WIXVr2BLhGadywLg8c7A2ypSlz9X
       dKV0_GEyLeoRdnZMzwP4plcTjizMW9K3tMAMIGUxl9odqXZbFOw7myGCfGuhV
       c6-eZ5a02xg2figOEPJQI_OFxmkKZMWETW9iHT6V-Iz4fbkVPfuaBDXitnyNv
       iWzRlLiwJ0OzEwEwYeV-xVyA9FqHNwwgbYRc_UmbvAjVukvCnGYDqiY1i3NLy
       0tgsaIrm3YfBtVhNyz_7hajN-OPzQFGzJVtpx9PlPwfNg7VAU5S8RfEg7NI0t
       4RJ40Iyoo8_5fqtiXK_HvnSSI9XcgbIS-D70pe_aCRpFQth_M1BGSeA1P2RTQ
       3p7Gj0iJW-6tenXZaIxqfpsrJRc7xBUDtrZFiOZdb6KSoh0cYsOxkxEZo9FyH
       M87H69bQebqQVRSvedGDi_dKRjQN1p6P8XJWTDJUTCQrJDPiv56gJD3YcqGAF
       IHZ78RIwnLkXEC5gSH81bLIuO_PZvKHhTAzqJUh5s-47S284AAcfH2xB_ONik
       POMs-9X39GFGP4RnAarwFyPA3FrgVCppl36Gtu8LgXzfhjuwxSU2luXLJFNQe
       ED5Q-dX6P7iIknL8VjtK2x3pgzmEFkkBCoJcrctLJtJK9MSMAMsUNljwgoKlA
       iIvyqYPG7caeo8H0P1NvpNg9F3dz6067hFi0c3zlNzAHSNNxwS4_6PgeLX7qJ
       GBOGr2-qsgcjwEQuwGaomGwnBxRX8W18CSoSJJkMEWCYisoqvyE4dfc4TL6b-
       Uuty9B269_fh4f7rvJDPTE_GAcBofObaiF4X0BGfrt8qJaIkbh1MJJ9KEoG3w
       mDy8rA3kEfwG2IGqd7T5cotQmxqzy35y5YUUcy4GZNM-gZ6_YF8TFLd7odUC6
       mXraBORnbxIRrHaOn4GQL6TKpMLHnIg9RBaJfNVIRgVzIdJID2EqaOT88dVeK
       7qK-KbW_JOWF8xwjMXwwNtV-DfbsnN1iiaZDNqLtptj6Pn0h0rS0WBAiSkYKO
       8FoElfkpjStMAlvhm-zV28E2QNQZ5YbuhB3Zsr4kjOZ0AGzXr5Pe2B05f4EzU
       a5QGBcmrBTzPK6O6pb5XI6mt25UFcL28PJrPGzyRN1wLfwzTFpg07xwCy_0IJ
       crRew6T5rIuvfMrb83zzY35ACvT40-t2zvOQTRIQYvEb8cY-3d9SDs6-b-ovE
       8pmwVdnIqwzNN_E8czEOf6rEmZ4ih9lrcoLrGvL7X26UOSdy5OFnGQ3GRZJEw
       FIp1wtBu-YS17KNv3Dw4P4r9tNF-ek4gcO6nbu6YjMxPMcy7Me8fkIwb0D99_
       2U9uzkOmQarfh-O0wGV4p4Vz19xfi5WhiM0eVC3OjCKdzswUhqnE0EArbcIg7
       tD1hPwp25dSCXtDtVd21hEjUsZqbFT5OXNhozgUIbJ8r67Ze-1mMhlmmrEZ1O
       ubv9D4psnk6MCSyVGuzF2J4GtL5QT2gpRpyTs4YmEUIaHhxNqIusB-EODDESB
       J2OeKzomltKFce0gotKU3W-DlgqCp_ELjTsIrENleAKbBWP71H8i0f9wDIE8t
       PESS4tCMM2CV2Kamg-nDf_tiIpLgBgT5ZCETvIS8su0Gbm-LPMp81QaWy4ExU
       Ux9pj3WaY-kkGg3g6nmQb7EMwSOjuZy-tdy6vMC_Qz2XMMKNT4_o9y8Bpy7EF
       oP4FvuwsFpqqYxYJ6qTGaa8BHDsNR3QI-2AHoeX4bngaVoKB66G_xH6867vkh
       -JpQV9DnbmN9oa11WYpLW-qjMJW1tonVREDChgbRI1WXa3vuBFiEJ7uxXU0qm
       pCV39L6SJlo7IjF2M_SKuGbefCJPLXoi3UqhXXKd3xWQLxea9_7R3x129WQsc
       i0FdMMnvypszw6U0SJWoqxseKfVWRNJr15PI3YJiPXfxci3cD6gfBpZ0Lof7L
       28OXmhDNLN2IYvESWiHC2wvE4SovluRGuaQrd8PKUAIdRfW8ShiQ6vjYsB2mQ
       mZgbGo6DY4FQ0bYikvQ_k5tNHG4SXcT4URn4z_6KrYEIaIVB6A0p20V9mcfj4
       ESyY3fnUpO6XRd8tU-NhHI-My5mn_SGWIkyIFF5bkVm5uHVMoa3GTt0_NfWae
       3a95t6VvoUGprE_3nztZyBqMwFmWx2Bs2TnrmL_gZZuphHqTiA3LIaF423u6p
       HqMUTEOiHw04RleBesXfHYvlfl0BrWo2c9OcrkfQFPocZ9GEsolvEetVkTJeI
       VV426aqI1mfYqQ_6LlNkq66cjL4y4gxvjPMK46ZzwsyWFrgEbchH4wVRQMWQT
       vPvzfleJFLxAfr32R8HYIq2pHxoO_3QPzr4s6dT9qTuB7SoM5h3WGoMJ-bDVh
       N35_3I9xNbZ7ifeAqzwt7XfvFDrVcS3EsezvxhywbXRGUVJ07W2rJyScea7-M
       LFwYbokVf_TWICAxwlpgO9441MaH_z2TNeq7ElA92Z7VQ7XMOUqVQZk7NccUl
       ySl8VGbkchA0-9DfQ5dCoJZ0gqhhjHzqg6YB1nOaUfzZn0pG_OPuBnoLxgJyG
       l4SkTX7fOkCh3yit67vEOhm-ar_mPJ4-QJoYdt7esn5Adc-TnOSW_5wA5oN4f
       ZRJFiGo7Nnw0wdTQgOZLl88a8unmeuNu7qvcKjuFhDpwPRuL32VWUiNcRKGkm
       HFgGblYdmS1SLTO_7a7890HTI1kIhNIrYPSUzZ8MDPnp3WDgK_Dp0kQn1Y3Il
       jS5hoaKqeIQm0RnYikTMNZIHqBwsmVRbNJBrOvLbTTAcRJ1eGSRve6ImM6coC
       LmMEQrom6SYibky660saAcDIuROOFcXCu7O-zmWtCiJhHFVXeHjl2zc0yci2-
       6iGYICVrmuG-WcnyhRKWTii5I4muwhAot2zcxGUsPGCztvDBAbP5U4cc6DWGX
       WvMHsNPumHFxXOcjPJHfLRv4y7Lam0IbBVJaVMXaZq0v_f8gaeh2K30iWlMdh
       CvJIlfR_9Nwdghw0h2tg77Dd9XH3YdwqeVlUep4cdehri6dhXeXaMAGRW_eWS
       kjJ0kx5V0QCIQXW6hogUYmDNgVvjRJPDLUNcsGzJ78V9YgYnv1SgzrI_H9bdS
       BgykFWylWNpyEhrvBfKQqwpNv25s3FVzm6e8PwBxzWYBIZ3eezAzLLvArnXFP
       sSPhflLEQbnSZqYNGIzigZN5YNPcvyeZZkGeiw7671zNTHK-HZMNwOjudhK1b
       TsurJcutVT55t9SAy_jThkRq0lYZy-6mBvEJc0atJlnzeeDYrOTq-cCOifSEE
       z1J14YwuM8rIK5Sed4ESDB547Ej0jFxeHDeNc6Jy3CO4LenN9Slms21JYYxwX
       WyC18Z9lb4JqbTQA8g4c8A53oXhYSc5Vgy_xtLjAqef5dPkjphK8B2TSIMlHn
       vYcNbwZR5rtLIPknp35oi7H7DmkDPf_ctpj8tJgwOlfA1eoKRWvk5MDjISibu
       80ilFg7p-UuYllNpPrq_KFd0AhszUDnwC0iTnob-T-6wbFdM-kOf_7ZYPZmhP
       59PGQx1zLdvN7kaC2jYPsaLU-1vJ3ACFJxs_REq-Al8SVCUrXR-x6pmsNNr2l
       NcXT3Y7MMIx9zOKt92W13rZjfm6OV3dzrvk0SEg3_bMQmU8TOA3wJC7VwzLjr
       CfSVO8MaLrlUlQoWAM98oFgCDkvxDhxe8emO-JTJpv1idA6KCaNRNFTprjazS
       RMmqTrTdmDgvm1pODxcCiMXwH6sYa0L7j726KY3H4H3FGlh1pZfBxVmEXqGMH
       elkUATTfqc4Sdk9qeXJbOiU_tvyn87l1X9ZmdZ9q84pP_u3rI5yUPxKG510w1
       cGB_RYQh9uT5SYKenmeHEhCl5dCPoVRFFF-tF92bdG6BmlMxzATOQLHpXiPq3
       Wpb644YTZUJUajIueu-Fq-s4u6zA5IJvFVdij_UgIAae26gl7XqJ07tfV3BXj
       YvjyKWISa-CvLoBVxNZoypQ-qmUE1GQxi6WJESvDKlSA1z3U8REB6BCYnnAY_
       QPTo9EzNzIn_ByccVkwz2fHeaOQZ9lEnTsUpJwt_r0l2SuOBdSdGS8gLxUtjx
       QwVauNchgyi01UjgogBS6RQDRN-tQMaHM9f7x_oSYmR6VHeL6I9Ia76tjWDWU
       X24R3kZRUdSoPdCuoXL0ETlzli4X6DBcRZLW48J4JDjs2q3wKoVFrNfLax4LL
       Kj82NU7MotCGOJWz0k9mggwLWavTaT_zEp02VwJPJL8kYM2BQ9UJJpU77DmfW
       MErtpAj5na_zTHmbbYE4Y0Kb9_s66dM-3b4xhKYGSZpDho2hJA0MmG4skkKfk
       kAtjDiu3r4_OIhWoGJ4gWxj-9UXN2A9woZBd2xMrCByv9rhFiY9L677xc-x3j
       EOormBIoidP1Xv6IzriuV-a8YuWUt3WjRJ3eFRD3pmPnJAvmRFj2YEQYYBSJX
       FTyhdwFFRvaPFQ1yw-noYqOyC0eTjiIWxElD52eVDcoE3LYoRiP51RVhcH_Zx
       Vw0RiAHFkWFZknWSHVvugOIe1xl31L2kGVrfaTkRmfaw5Ax7IqrdYnR_chN19
       GyETTF_5Hrb5SxV4oWS70oxqt_T_RtTof6xa2ptza9vO7cUeq1wgykoZXcxfc
       rBvb41_CqZGJg5JyRq7Ve5dvL49j5StAe7opmKW1aHUIRwZhQyWXxSAkc2YC-
       ydH6Vn1a-ICDbzHtU-_BT0Me5Z3Mwx8orPe0DsSUNsqUnFR0RFtAv6Ta_YVxm
       inwkZpMWK_D5rM2EXD-Kams7-i6lfjv3HblKxaKTLYfyHfewFGU40kWdV4WZs
       -vVGZzXPpX2Q-mM8GplJ-FEa7hPnOB6DiWWA40Q3_zUrsgHbJH5ai8YCBObVO
       Xv1BmjYLCPrG0KVKzP7_9x9AHL6Yw6DVz9IZ9XO9gAKMreUwxA0UejU5zizG7
       hxHqh0F0m4p5mmmbMkd7mI3NufIJzfCzVUciVyjIYdWYtXxGfPKL2HzH03Fvk
       rqQtDoN3aYgvzn0bKlvsMHZFyIgW9LarYHFNuRnC57gqQ2SXL4gcqlxCnhbLW
       ohJVet-mZGPRfDkzu04A4UI5FhysHRzvRDSRV-N8vxGN69JkyQi3IykCFz961
       y0pVtcD8bm61EUKMRcvH8DV7pVbb7amZhaXIJjXl-Xps4_7cgt10XqRIIZo3S
       uJ31it1FZhheT2JkLENZE-R_LGqm3svqMROZqE04cQu5leWglCFjGt0IPaJFe
       -LtkM3ay3WPlg-8xo5LH3zSMSjJBYQx_kSBNDrtXxxUYVBt7Mo8sxSmC9q-UZ
       9XWGowYNwOI3ASxQhtqWHVvEyk-Sa6sKgYuHsXqYitw-4B3jkEKToq2PP8RQ0
       BDQ0arf8CFIlu6fS7PAqEIb-k4WK5bdEJS7yeQks6IAiLH5p-FrPTETiunl_b
       k6lpxnM1D4a0ZUTO6_MivfpjrhkazMVW8ieK3YqjRMpBW4Rb9doCHs9mzZpZK
       K0GPUmYVGPx-d1SzizMaHqzFBfn5DU-6vIgVnpTmiesrGhRc3PLw8rCs91VUB
       Jyq1R76nsdCI7Ug0D2k8LzR2mEkO87iw2YDN9fb8UegBq45h4ZMyOvjANhycP
       hposvK1upHdt6UxJdxuxYpVNSWvYvY1xKrfmhIA3DHWzc5fBUeNS6GJGl4P77
       jpt9Q5550peJWee3rpLPNOsZi5chDxsHwx-hDbVoRIMSSj-YTSfVIxYsAFJhu
       bhk9TPtRM-ziTKqfvQR71Ul8txsXfyiJIXhkdtVC227b9YWh-kXV75IzJ3iig
       ebvfXhQay1eoQib1cvimyf8jlRh-oLZxfQrzugnGy8WNuqLLgZTk9hHFt0oRc
       HTh8OCyBbmHY-_QwNO0zQIjaGyFPdNmiS74BCD3I_JXbl2AYv4VJU7ShUDZPy
       qW07l3If8d5FL-Mc3jjRdDqRHiLhPo7r_cf22G9Trpr6SAnDRsuTkmNtPLPKy
       RZ22q0LEBj_8BXIf2jrx21T69Tq8rFsvSXoafyess3prfDpy3sqFQG5bZ6PHL
       3jSuVcV0t3seqeC6Rpd8CD2pQSRYvHTO8Ch-xOXKfrnwHBF09TivOoMI-72SQ
       5LcG7QbgovxK12dF5oYteaucvQb8f7iN7I1DBE5ev1DhGcrTBxAWV-eMAg6_a
       sASmEsiIWSie4Gej2bBGaX7-RG7GsLtptSylPziFxSKFbaFid_bn60_unHQ5T
       mCRF8RH8eOc4OoMfgRqLoQTZx41RIJEIMEHT9kXiNPic1Brjlp00O-nN4Mlm-
       joRrXgVv-rvnGp1vRc-QFj4nQRssL-7-c9H-PVqQO_iottF9Tl-tgfmkveSbj
       XzR_hXRGqpdz3yZyduiCHKrce3lx7uvnGeDRgaWmhc07LESIiI9ZQmMF1_Inj
       sqBHOozEgS7z0vyJY1SlKFszTcwEaUacGuz7oFUY0zt0uEX5ce350-pn0cUed
       Twp1oiIRDj-PaQ7zDKunnFPLLxbbx9aOCkM8JtFzewMOYKhJL-xMRV0Te5C4J
       vBE1a81OrVFgTF0H-jUxx-YuoR9YDtb5Y_UUK_3ewIKakkoFjLz6hBGDGuWke
       HwcosauJkLfYRizhOZFzmU3QgkMiC8p00-gH45B07Vt4vg1eX3kVeXlkG0MdG
       dS2s1ofpYJh2ATR-xWHIQlNFvlA15d6GYIXNEwy3GpETfFKX7JcrgSLyEnhPt
       QCHL-MYTWkMF7ast90TkhKnlxmMGyXjm5y00lUUm16cMW6iT2tMyge7wF3JTJ
       yzpdl-7Ea1KkfRyfD8ERQ2XiNXzlxyd555yQRo2wqTpKce9hTwo3RUC-li8f7
       lj-puEbn-_bMtZkpN1LSFfBGz0eLGmm41umD_DqEyCi2IK1KH-mEbJhAOSiNT
       M-F4u0dufa6LPTrpRx6PDvqTTVV7a_2uUwtkzAxLEfrhdYZTPA2vnqmBsRUXk
       beZam1_iKioNqy5CD5wWTS8Le-s3BCBxdPyBXjQH2GhuCPHaAodt3uuIffkrM
       AYIaGUoUYw_uumCB0-puxiaP774VqZ_h3_S-z_msviUTwj_A6cDh8tyqIrxVe
       gkh_N5OYgzNhexo7Msk_7TR54PvTaVTG4QgqXOzExbuqa3xCbnuBLN9bkYvqV
       dxm8G2Lj3IF5muLGxzkQYh1nmaN_AqG5u6a7vFqlA45zHZBprqWhQZDnB_Ugj
       WfgaFrCcce5NBOjQfMs4v9NB-Ji-l7qq4_1IKtt8IBKw5ihvVR8puW2lhX-ci
       iqUIAqg7mExqS6QIy4i11hsdLvJzyzq2YbJk8CIihFmZpZqQhD-diaza6BxTP
       JmJIafAEVM18ZjA2b6Kpg_FjEkm-7XOX_aOURiwTy_Z0QNkaaFPzoTclVfvkw
       xpaobDxoinEG9519wHzOKT_fdKwi07yeZBcj87EsJw89QhYv0Z8CJ7By8aWwI
       e559HETkP6uAGvGCB8MbuV45Ln7ozzdOuHxslwuo6KdpIWQVvKuk-rAN-jvaA
       de-BR8wvGMkLVAO636Rd3oEYuOw0humAUO-q1_Jzyk50qG4VIBKIFJlbEaX56
       ZEkqQAeztZth7t60uxqh_Mno1uwcz-kGtPtM3rDHUg7OrhNjSc26LV4FkCC2S
       36ENX099AFCqWcYQS6WHxfEOSqVqAFxbXZ-wKDhUkYSgk4iyxRWw5-VUrnHZO
       jbzOXXyuzKpLkeROlbt_pGdxFXhkr5ya_w1IldGMlXqZFRazZlixvgMsE05El
       JnU9E2CWcsBGF3D7cSJx_EgwkMPHcNIS375SLungwd4ZkVKaQmvmjGEB2UAJJ
       M0seXaqCPKtWkBEWhdpN64XYrixZkNf5OqsB4eYpCY28gkroCekSYyHSdE52y
       xJY7JZ__revSUdzayELmQG9cOx4gtiEtcDi0yiNSza8d8q4LiAhjV9q5O8aVi
       HZjIEGeUH8tbYGf9Rh8rAfdstQ6GiELT9VC8JRT4YZ6suZMDn-3mxKW8zsf2L
       rJnhxajIAxtSvWWUfOVyRGr63gCd9vXiZl5j9_ayFU-b3l0nCahygbjtz93B7
       FvRw7h3NZvZW4IeY__6DMCSgpDY0Y9JzBJz1AfB3Ufytras1w6poI_KpEtwgS
       TJ7u4kN8EonwN5gAh_TNxk7t1Ee9q2VyiivOQw2p96XQc2LDuJSqRcZSkPB0K
       uF42gF1tF8uOVI2Z3hqs-GLWZgeO7uXk4oHpFtwSRNH1nSPxSczP8Xl7WSeeu
       ZDydkMSWBH1A0ZQa5Kxq3nR4akJpaHyTQrwiK_HGRSPdI6lDnpIWJi2EwBgPQ
       4IqwFgFDtkMKkxA6Hlvx7RMlpBCJNXi5OI4yrCH9EhDIpVzOgFUp8alT4Zkrr
       bQK1Qz1Nly_LRT9lG6xWTOo5o1klJkkMERDDQSDx8CB12VfBBxlv3TP3-p9gK
       PK8JhiQNeijCb8JaSM4vTpGCUTeCZD8cpDmC81ddXyfHYFtJXmWPrx5D-V3ur
       WzuiJzPpbpop2YctCtDWp4Dek13sh_bFk24UDwhGLFM4Dg0BatttWCACkpsQX
       I1jjdfUW-3F_rs6z6naVa-T9fub8cjJ_g5EDQk8gdVMneAsH3y6IxwN3drZDb
       qDJLQaSuZ94EAsLy9zs6uHqogEBBGjfnFqWSTE3OtGM8A4OvpPSNACLymHJeA
       aq5XtMpTBbsUYgVFUUK8bF9RoM_M--SKbSfjtva2qEVZMlOnMZ0UvWSLyTqR_
       B5A97CMQsL5DL-sgeZ2K_yKPgpVgEoPwHkyhv4HzqV-i6uV97FNNDvrul9R1D
       7_1Xtx2SqKYN_Zvq209G82B0VFSX8ph7LWTVsF2PZkYO3hO_g9dtZ-4HUZoj9
       buzlsH7Ybbt3H-_awzRRokooU8axmml0NFa8v_KQe3FEJZNPgvsuyOt1FYayF
       UiE1LomakLjiP5f-gEPUlGP9p4Bc42l0pjtt6UXV8exy16-p3n9rFpLXh9Kur
       Ll9lcgsU-L9L5R4Wen9ObNu1PepdfQIptvckpEvwPO2Q8YTx-PBsBPVIua_3e
       ROI_KSBQj66Y3zNSeF_qBKSqR5_dlIhqzSjGHzoyQt-x8zCKJqtzw7UdpStIg
       ktV-JwChR7q35MECbt6sMI-pZKvGf0dBWGJQ5Sv2Paw76VSytj8aCCgJZ6doL
       MDwMfct8Gnp01Qteo0oJui8zBlYK4PLS2c2fFYD9a7gSQZLzPdH7UQVphntsZ
       B1RjVn6H7PbQk67-THjT4CXgytFTqSwzyl9oDxv52BGaI3_UhMdJaohfywetG
       9vyaxvch44sC7N8TabArZdfviu6T3dDbLZ3w81PTPx2kvv33sBwPOAbWXTKn_
       nD7__gKEmum7CvJPpF5YEaxecxAA1poZW_Jw02Y-ZXwDqJD39PYzjPo9LynMb
       tAH7IOut74J51o120RAjl6No-rAG_KkA9utp-r4fRDHEg5MB5opFpumcxRyLl
       7LyUQLydMlCTWKF2FbBdNsEKWRqsG2NEKB_XY5tSQVBlmuVOee6z7biL2CA4D
       FNPxqZY-kVkZUInv86sVzZB3CQ3fF_6TBZcYqzqrgYmpb1nF0usrxL5HRtzdv
       c9PD0UsriW1mI89fhPHV9YHsntT5MbA11w9yT_9mGiqPklxHMGM0TW9Pf2cnS
       mAA-3Pe6CGFx24LpmFtAf4oL6dAEwxLQZeN_ZrNWjY89HJdjaeOYsRBtEDc0h
       MZATh0scc--v4Le7YI--y32w5E_-hGPStwlMo-OwVGb3x9c7YtXm2w-YYEJrg
       Oib4o01jCjtlNFT2XLoiZDVAf32UQ_9ecTX4Wa2l_d8efo758WeqdqZSCfdyN
       lo4xSHsEIZuasBbtjz4AP-vOuo7JEl92H9OTDPu5bVuz9Av9qs5f9oIusdzo0
       kJOCi4wrK4O-PFw8YK9x9EzWYbjBlJmQaDjjk3AekNq2QDZqFTAXralQtJO5Z
       tgsbqAZS0C8qJA4U7jwSX_qsOnbRlXe_rg648KVPBGO19TyrIhiCyHs_QwsuC
       4WdlY9rDIlpMpLOdoKtyLzVRhNehzBWxtlPHcZ-RGb_e594_f3jvFAjllj4pp
       4Ng3bWox1Q45m6vEf2ARupOEXD4xXYGd1iUPX-R7BEbGxFPiPOc6QiH3AwFrv
       wDjQkmZ0bqQkVVB_G1c37sdkUbiAMY02LtIpIq-6CcLPdcyNTJquWzH-ACYs4
       jzhvvDPlrnIVvA6heDl7PTXH4p2vT5e5LFWdzOhJ8FhaQRo1Z4wDZT81iJV7V
       BQloxn2UiGUJDTm7BTGdqXsp_v4cdj4lo2sZv3Aklu_ciUR5oWuj_kYU-tkJW
       lQpEp0ythfTO3BJafbgU5pV2HE0dh85Qnly2i5Nigq25RUW3if9KMId_4T1tc
       wLKMSK3VQ90_VDYanTmJFJHAKj6aHqtU7hemMhDgirnIf9u2mF2el1icE7Dqo
       2C8lz5lG-KcI0fnyBDQykeo9Hn59BUnBnomC9h-cXj2qntmyjuB_4fbh08O85
       3SOrOgcbvAYwZjjUidopxA_ykcIuzirOO4cWMQngKZetm-q7kKemfrYBU6hga
       YsJYrk1was9KxUDUlORXBDA4n7JFXU0XO65-ovzwYp-tgpQLMSTcGlzhmVzqD
       2TdUqL-bQbv36mxgRsJnbbyXidlcYnvQTEf5443Ptp5EaBWyVrGsvYxdyPlDn
       _6xsrWXm4BMHZa65aUs_BMbYVDmbWgYCc1Zz9SPR7yRJ-ddlUppI_ThmRfa3o
       wDilBCq7TSBP01uyQyl8OYJo99esxQnftcW2PcFiz5V44Ji8jvELA3-2qt3te
       1s2YGUVU9glJ0voP1TF0LtUagbw_cwcVb8z8i5A3jkhtg-6FTNIGV1Btbv-NE
       JtyZ1EqMXWFRXJa0z2Q7TYYP4c9gVda7WRyeL_YYFz81ctcJ598fr-QlmqouF
       JCiGIKZdK3APs2io32ZOP2p8v34p_U9JqcbDmRdQmh8ziJZ2PhQD_SDLAoqTj
       wvb9Pi7-A5k8Lur7b_wqqxvy3XnE92xwWwADo4oYIu1htrPJIBDxpP1tDe7ni
       DJKRPsNTZo5bzH8YV4Vc9vkPt0UV8jKgmTxo_CnQs1tUbdQrWH5vIgyfniLWA
       yBLKq93B9fYaUl6l_iHasXcXH8R3aojJOdVK-ykLYFigqd2R9UPDvz2HhVdFI
       M2y7gjBXjLBe2kMcRnkd1nHyg-8rIwBd06Whvhq9DgXfxI_LfjIuTfCQdQA-F
       FUuf0nmKZW7r5me8SRSZ4qzwx6O4aO0aeHR8ARYOXdFzYDRATwpMF7bPZKDQt
       NEAduTVLo_Ik4p90ivQ7qZiIAqed-DQDyQ-1afY2dr3Sgs5qJPXr068UaU7vw
       IudvsNSCu-G-r36xGaCM7_fjU4eh5H6CON8z73OicbPigrbqk_KUhoAEmA5LE
       z9UUTiIZ_34fHgc3J_Ir9Bj4ciZhhpnW9oLRGA3J5CkZzV2EByF8IiYD1WlCT
       actil_LRex3k7wcCrKHfet-0NT6ot1u3bYyM97RSHXDPvmpZhQOwR0ckz44KK
       4sfNwp60r79Ruh7HPy92NHrHyr3H7CT6W4jLp5r2RJ6sv7qyyF04hpTlsf7VE
       guedEPbxrOJZq3SUnnQ4hEUbJwEPSOUfNYd6WW4-uJEnnwOcAiJMOOgDxKQqX
       CgaUF83-131bukoIDtA_8nvJHGp9LEEjan62UCMm-psjor2TpQDKqa_Z3zxfo
       qQHC8WBtvefBUSUIExvA0RbaeUhewQHtqlTgmBXzZyfFt_TIqZqRBpePCO1q2
       ioPo1vRUwKUqfl-js2PFy1KzQ3CU16kwaX_gvMkC0Ahd3C_3KkMe0GhanSILo
       zaiK1jUqSlX1uuE2tBZas99gj3zxNSs1RNRABS1CvwguSl6S2JFO112JmWxy0
       1c4_AU63mkkIFuUndG28mwhIe3eWn8n8KX19dxJ3X1GgGTOKUui2p1mpHRczO
       LIVa1XSaNiWNZKnpq-RAt99Rm78y-zrQyTsXcqwotWM_M-Y1K5_sZhp6SXi2N
       RL-avYpiJukd0BZ2lf6ZZh61GynxF4N-dJGUOzh5cjcn0mu_luVlKTHwvr8Js
       wFhLSBJGGguKCWmPr_XTezzNw6xgxCEGFTjoK4YLFCRqHtCoc1Yv_D4LL00um
       w8bFdfDifyJll-1E_PLfm6whWm6OZuj_WL8TLcdDwJmDg3gKA83sLcJw94ZPl
       gB5kcjV0gbvuFoqFJPfspRr7-hSegeNudbexaSJ6livR0bf7orLQnhOFBCEuk
       0EL7stLfTn3hciEYTn6IT-i4lmzxGAU6O4hc16M2uoBCb2YrtYmYAZYHtH61j
       bgakSZbAo3N4JxnYlsgb2ppQPh7xOZWBWeJvjdeaGGG4jHYtHiCA2EnjHrvfJ
       Yo_f5HLXOjXEQYjpNI4yAy-eWSP6Cw_7uCefaz3GZB_h-WqHnH0TFRJLK7nqh
       UzuvL2kBApQwcZYlp72htFvjYLkvB15OJZsovS1sKWj6zs9PsEpYh8T0M4UkW
       3CdJGKQx2rikJY20yx-0ph7BvZnfuCYl3Hu6IB9k1grzsIqdZqGDxGlNAyDrl
       4gZfTyKuPEcFT-FouGssGLWth06BjKRvf_RyXh35aJgQLAvIKxnX1TVfDHEZf
       9TVhvcQShUKt0j-tEp-rtd8Oyzhwg1ueYTrTR6qu2dQwJ83Um4m1ICO5XQjQ2
       -wEchZ9c6W3tvaHrOd16A10Lf5ecenDhj2UTadTaekdl_FNMlHiAFPvb0y47R
       qokIYovqkWl5ujzRSdYzPLg9N90vytRL-03fL0e7PmadsEsRpoZ5MndlPrWJu
       Veedn0nbn-JH0GxqSMCEvU2rjIZYCgXYsiUMRyNRqe4D0EqSSIMEYAd_DLCp4
       h9jyNGlsV0eeqBkpb12-AZ8y_lFZi9gdiwf6yRFP6ZAHY1T-Od80VK8hRmJyw
       HG5Ex74yVsEyI_FoDwCUiwmDLsT76LVnVU08pnHSOgSaNsmtslrGwRwLNfNQk
       WUFwGtZplUTc1RL-Z_DlGTp7Q7oZmlpn27tdOEHJDEIexZEPPZLlc0zZQEaUm
       oPgooQMHEB6HHlwPb1uYC2auj3hV0lV9flsfJ4iL1WGEOqV7s2Qfed5yr2RUf
       q6sZkDjPa5J1C6zkgN1jewL3-3icMBQ9MLfUEqkKMyHpPtNkNjU4Zl2W9zU-M
       BkjpUS4-Mfj3W8kYkyzjyvbvfoSOLqAjUt_LEHoEbkpWjX0qLHfEMDEHrKRRD
       mXP8Tjg6GmKu35OfL-AwBv4JQTLPIWxHjIngYwC1XwNundeelJrlPrqW7w_-d
       9GESLfkYknEFWIZZ-ZBN7z_p0hh627w6FqHIe8OTlrLLASMbxM12OR04Lt1QD
       A6KrHMbgBJWcir7lAIXISMdJJIOLFBL4e7nemJ94TF2UecwpgO_FHpwrCa5WN
       mtgGtIOuCkU9aqoGuEGiQWgKrLS3kJe6gmE0kEesI9hVqDf0FuRiBsUFWhrMq
       0D8NKvc18xbCHb2yU4hM4UOnMbWGGK8_u5_PZsIeC7lSGvMC7SmPKP9rVDGCT
       qx0sM2OqfT2RRwbCkyPyu1P0yPWmmaT6JQsjTyty7q6tt1lcBUkyE8OQCPkB0
       02frsrt16yojNXYvzxdUlVjY2N2_mOOVSwwGZNe1KcNW07er7X2BPmUKHiy_w
       3Eme8u6clk_s_2m3OMrfAH4k9RGj8KFim9-yTI6Y_txm4XEGwTMT3-yM0JTRF
       e9LadXkGyP_9AEpbaVbB5ImbBNW4GbVzV4Ud7u5XA71ZfthQlaKHlFxG24Ku8
       vl0Qgwb3eC2qloq7stdyrUi2Tzb0rapRH1Uakpsri3jl6deRQEbrNPv5vDB7Z
       LEHt-8FrA11tGyAJDTdAN6Q2MX5qmr8uRrmJWCia1ULRtP9ZA4URaLB0gW1c7
       _1SvnNtz4-dhCo5KsxXvnaUtyRocDNBer1WilFMkwvNKfeELXAJXbi2boyJHj
       WXTYmlZsuucLNiRiWYpKYVftcDUulhDQ6D8bOp4l1HgNIZS4XaZki8pMkvmxV
       vtKFyfPInn8KcsB3LoRZdlBj54H0ga47b7lpKJI8mMWUyqQ8hE97sjPhQQe8z
       CRbygj7t1TyDtRQpcZUxzR7rcghIho5DpB1GXlrqj9kDK9XPIqEdxe4KDLLsu
       E_17h1zv3t1w67tKTJhqSqND9EinPovnvFgZZCVgNmNhAEPdtYLfPfUgOJkQZ
       hUOWM-v4fIqsvVAbU4LUDIkpq4s2zhC3eVoLQGTEzTV2oCBlfok2B0zdrAzTE
       xOBn_6F-C1F0riAm8AJ8oPf9VX9j5mxROTj9NaICB9BAZHtFq2wAKBnDSA543
       xzMyBQXiAfiUbr8nNt88m0b3wCTMB3_gtsrA1l4SOVTPYIWOZB4-qXbvGhZG6
       DpcvrGETXQ-mQ89xpxD-DfLEFCIjTvpK2GDnX-y_JiBzDlwT-rtvw7IXqt_jy
       hloysWF17A9uFbQrR3eTInCUxcGYXi6ugHvL8Xmbd61RlMWFS2WYTXXiO6CKP
       yPN66TSpqMEO8vyEX3Ff_FE4UJ5A-I0kfSlnoNDJVUIE6TAgx7nfziECU21cz
       9HuBiqYintRXC8QqNwRzK0aPtjxYpUySRAb1PbpAErn--KkWOcd1cWSHUEkqt
       UtoTIeST1gu1KulTtUdYA7rQKg04S9eotFQHpnTsmyVfXWuf57zrJAmviL0tY
       -YAMZxRdmGb8upntVBcI30cR9uXdoJuYogJmlAXU_6RdCvxdBBKUUPne-xsa_
       HPN-nzUROATwmYsAWbY8J_Qqruj1y0UC4KXX2O1PSSvyvohDdtdqlBSLe6EzH
       -u_dxAJL3rfvxKAYMWOk_wEJY-Azc_JEIO5Mkl4L31hdknNVHFtku54OE2QoI
       JgQtv-GirThlTxL0aK44i6nTIR9L6a92JQvJ_K3rqaUNiSs3Q5OLvaPehy-y-
       spDQYa_t35D_v9JwL2qhpAwOHxmjxnsA6ko_-dzYLNLBUL6Nf07TS7Rhfeuhi
       HsveSKhrQlaKyOvp9nGyyBbvZIGSRYJo466GpE3lJakLwevJyg0FAJBy11nit
       SyUJuoliWegBT4y4UDcgMvfqLc02JyCGOUCgSZTqx98gw2peyNsiPlnzidsBa
       tTi5C1BQXb5_yq3NUdp9jXF4sLIMGuKKTaCLqc7HuJe8X3qgRhs-BtWW80YAa
       lEwDCrYyfbgaTih9txAEdp5OKU58fBC6yYc5PCtUMwqQCX2bqS_9ZtExd1YDd
       7UQhlkeR--psNJJqdnjovBkfsxjY3fFVmxuSu3i_y0ZaSiMRiJ_UAPRDWfTUt
       P8o2EB5JH8kVoMpTXi3g_JrX-eYOY0mDG2Vyl1h3Ioji58QLJmAkypEDUnVwn
       SNqo0C3Pof2WiC846Ta0sFjwLB_Ov-YwAtwdHwBA426NMjc_H55NxgB1APruP
       4ytPR2jln7WXYWt67WaWGVrbx4m45bPUIlAdB3YsmiPHnzFlAQL71TUzMNehw
       iShKRWXVqpR-y0FOPaQC1Ra7tW28ChMG4q6iWlmtV2gfw-C1tF5N9_Nd5sP6f
       eqLi6bc4K9OxOAYeoSwm6n9d-hAnm3DhCS3WcaV6OH4YrWhp98JaRVqNM7YSE
       HJX1E1i6Fj6gJqs5RO1fXwKKLTRaZDUmEPJTWLwHwQ3OSEubusPUxEJgqaZNb
       cc3SuBiyonRg51CYdfgpUFRhmsFJQOlhxyzCzrkmYGdns9MTXhE8CouBnOVby
       xr7sQjXe7jATe9bQ0AqMnzI1KWeC99Izwg9g-hP3FGJcVlwYhb_UTUKPJZvuz
       FovrrKTfUuWEse-NbA3O98KppVMrsGWXLfPrHGU6zdJ6TiECTaZPSkzLeh2H_
       16trcP9ZwKObVYKfuHO-3yc_7TFu1SQF8wk9GMS-Far_liqADL7cbMxDY66XF
       -HhXYoHx79k5Zi9NHz2gtv0G91yaSuQZv5yEudYvR8KuJ9GJn9JUOZ1batZTT
       IGrvi0a42k42FagcLKn89xz8By_Ymo8XVr3he9WUez1KqpXTRQ2_tEC4mXi7Q
       d1uiqqpjc9BNAtHOnb8AbxDIeXlt-M0e6CKo0diOjwnAZld1gIqXnoj7Lw3Eb
       lGrUDYc8_4_30bE10fddmfpDZm8dc4-GKDxf-fRHJEA8LDWk_Zvj-NjnDjHzD
       XecpiK12OK6q1LeLbi051TGnyqZaF2lETaaAEXt3B9XqTygia5OeFrBULJzRb
       UPbta2vdWwqxglxVOwhU0WC7SWxTNcz-p19RbSACnvECJTGw9iZTHe-1NBIj3
       Lqj5vztpy_X1pRZo21bxP44dNjPMygr0IFkwUrEXGG",
     "tag": "Jsm3_BQc3rC7EJL5DRsduMW4_dBWA2sJk-VuVb88jOk",
     "recipients": [
       {
         "header": {
           "enc": "A256CBC-HS512"
         },
         "encrypted_key": "eopMBMh2kIAcSzQ8L_zInyqfOit8xeET_218f1yIb
           lBWXfWyL9pHh8k-0TQ6AkM_RbXIAKGiitB1HDS2c3mh63UBs0O5CH1VBY
           Qx5MlFUw17DbXBmSQc-SBy1J-pKA2AnVpfJg7FWmBJOPWg0pwIrlDGlV2
           j0Lg3ubl5vn4VG4PYJyFqrocriA1JiXL1z5FKew2GY9KiRRyblV2Aewgn
           WexvDc9FpxkDsDX-JvxTq0Cbv5roYkOCsI5QGuKvae-Qi3koct4iWAZpc
           XqvKtSVJEEEd5xbGqcfETOMDZ7XAcqP8mzlzzuyS6SvVHLKCH04vYbPg5
           OZNuauKtiJJUX_vw"
       }
     ],
     "unprotected": {
       "uuid": "01928d46-fd43-8c6b-b9a2-279e0d16bc46",
       "cty": "application/vcon+json",
       "enc": "A256CBC-HS512"
     }
   }

B.9.  Redacted vCon

   This is an example redaction of the vCon in the example Two Party
   Call vCon With Externally Referenced Recording (Appendix B.5).  Most
   notable is the Redacted object (Section 4.1.6) which references the
   lesser redacted version of this vCon.  In addition the *url*
   parameter has been redacted from the Dialog Object (Section 4.3), but
   the rest of the Dialog Object (Section 4.3) was left in the
   redaction.

   {
     "vcon": "0.0.1",
     "parties": [
       {
         "name": "Alice"
       },
       {
         "name": "Bob"
       }
     ],
     "dialog": [
       {
         "type": "recording",
         "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:26.000+00:00",
         "duration": 33.12,
         "parties": [
           0,
           1
         ],
         "mimetype": "audio/x-mp3",
         "filename": "ab_call.mp3",
         "signature": "GLy6IPaIUM1GqzZqfIPZlWjaDsNgNvZM0iCONNThnH0a7
           5fhUM6cYzLZ5GynSURREvZwmOh54-2lRRieyj82UQ",
         "alg": "SHA-512"
       }
     ],
     "analysis": [
       {
         "type": "transcript",
         "dialog": 0,
         "body": [
           {
             "parties": 0,
             "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:27.200000+00:00",
             "duration": 4.9800001,
             "text": "Hello.  This is {{URL}}.  My name is Bob.  How
                can I help you?  Hi."
           },
           {
             "parties": 0,
             "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:32.240000+00:00",
             "duration": 15.194999999999999,
             "text": "I'd like to add Fu to my service.  Okay.  Can
               you give me your name and phone number so I can look
               up your account?  My name is Alice, and my number is
               {{PHONE_NUMBER}}.  Thank you."
           },
           {
             "parties": 0,
             "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:49.015000+00:00",
             "duration": 6.239874999999998,
             "text": "Okay.  I've added 2 to your service.  Is there
                anything else I can help you with?  No.  Thank you."
           },
           {
             "parties": 0,
             "start": "2022-06-21T17:53:55.254875+00:00",
             "duration": 2.9000020000000006,
             "text": "Goodbye.  Goodbye.  Have a nice day."
           }
         ],
         "encoding": "json",
         "vendor": "CapitalOne",
         "schema": "data_labeler_schema",
         "product": "dataprofiler"
       }
     ],
     "attachments": [],
     "uuid": "01928e10-193e-8231-b9a2-279e0d16bc46",
     "redacted": {
       "uuid": "01928d46-fd43-8c6b-b9a2-279e0d16bc46",
       "type": "PII Redaction"
     }
   }

B.10.  Appended Signed vCon

   TODO: appended vCon example

B.11.  vCon Group

   TODO: group vCon example

Acknowledgments

   *  Thank you to Jonathan Rosenberg and Andrew Siciliano for their
      input to the vCon container requirements in the form of I-D:
      draft-rosenberg-vcon-cc-usecases.

   *  Thank you to Rohan Mahy for his help in exploring the CDDL schema
      and CBOR format for vCon.

Authors' Addresses

   Daniel G Petrie
   SIPez LLC
   Email: dan.ietf@sipez.com


   Thomas McCarthy-Howe
   Strolid
   Email: thomas.howe@strolid.com
